A fetus cannot have a right to a woman's body to sustain its life No individual has rights over another individual. Therefore, a fetus cannot be said to have an inviolable right to a woman's body and sustenance from that body. A woman can, therefore, decide to deprive the fetus of the usage of her body (abortion). A fetus is no more a human than an acorn is a tree Judith Jarvis Thomson. "A Defense of Abortion". Philosophy &amp; Public Affairs, Vol. 1, no. 1 (Fall 1971). - "Most opposition to abortion relies on the premise that the fetus is a human being, a person, from the moment of conception. The premise is argued for, but, as I think, not well. Take, for example, the most common argument. We are asked to notice that the development of a human being from conception through birth into childhood is continuous; then it is said that to draw a line, to choose a point in this development and say "before this point the thing is not a person, after this point it is a person" is to make an arbitrary choice, a choice for which in the nature of things no good reason can be given. It is concluded that the fetus is or anyway that we had better say it is, a person from the moment of conception. But this conclusion does not follow. Similar things might be said about the development of an acorn into an oak trees, and it does not follow that acorns are oak trees, or that we had better say they are...A newly fertilized ovum, a newly implanted clump of cells, is no more a person than an acorn is an oak tree." Women can only be "pregnant" with a "child" not merely a "fetus" This is similar to the above argument. The point is that pregnancy can only be called pregnancy and that you can only be pregnant with a "child". Nobody would ever say, "I'm pregnant with a fetus". Therefore, fetuses should be considered "unborn children" with correlating rights. Viability is a good cut-off for when abortion is appropriate or not. Anthony Kennedy, U.S. Supreme Court, speaking for the Court in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 505 U.S. 833 (1992) (joint opinion coauthored with Justices Souter and OConnor) - "At the heart of liberty is the right to define one's own concept of existence, of meaning, of the universe, and of the mystery of human life....[P]eople have organized intimate relationships and made choices that define their views of themselves and their places in society, in reliance on the availability of abortion in the event that contraception should fail. We conclude the line should be drawn at viability, so that, before that time, the woman has a right to choose to terminate her pregnancy....[T]here is no line other than viability which is more workable. To be sure, as we have said, there may be some medical developments that affect the precise point of viability, but this is an imprecision within tolerable limits....A husband has no enforceable right to require a wife to advise him before she exercises her personal choices." Science says it's not a baby.I beg to differ. Science said it is a baby.The baby has its own DNA and at nine weeks he has a heartbeat.A baby at twelve weeks is very complex. Every organ is present. This link lists the development of a baby in the womb.PLEASE READ THIS!!!!!!! Why counter a wrong with a equally wrong action?The evil of abortion is equal to the evil of rape. Only 1% of all abortions are performed because of rape or incest. (Guttmacher Institute) I find the fact that there are instances where women think that it is right to abort the birth of a child is incredibly outrageous! To think that people would rather cut of life in its entirety than to take wiser options, such as setting their child up for an adoption, or even personally entrusting the baby to someone close to them. If I could 'personally' define the word 'abortion,' then it would be as follows:'ABORTION: The term refers to the irrational decision to KILL the child before it has been birthed from the womb'I am not going to sugar-coat abortions, because it's true, they are nothing short of murder! 'The children are killed before they can even process the thought' is one term that I have seen a few times in this debate (of course they have been worded differently, but again, I am not here to sugar-coat this sort of thing), and I can say that the mother/father has STOLEN the right and privilege of thought from these children by killing them. They have also denied them of love, care, protection and most of all, they have denied them of a life.As I have stated previously, I cannot even begin to understand why so many pregnant women do not consider putting the child up for an adoption rather than simply cutting the child off completely! Surely the majority of you all would agree with me that a child has its rights even if it cannot understand them! But the second that an abortion begins, you have stripped that child of it's rights, and there is no way that you can ever make amends. And no, I am not trying to send anyone on a guilt-trip, but I would be glad to know that some of you have come to realize what exactly an abortion does, and not just to think of the process as "stabbing someone in the vagina." Most abortions occur at 10 weeks, can somebody please look at these pictures and please tell me what that is if it's not human. And if you dare go watch the video silent scream and please tell me what is going on there, because they sure aren't removing a clump of cells. If your are for abortion please tell me what that is they are sucking out into the trash.I don't think most people know what an abortion is, nor have they seen one. If you are for abortion at least inform yourself and watch the video silent screamand make an educated call about abortion You're so closed minded it's ridiculous.In fact, quite a few people have experienced abortion first hand, and it's never an easy decision, but sometimes it is the right one.It doesn't matter what the thing looks like. Science tells us that thing is not yet a sentient being, therefore it is not killing a sentient being. Cute pictures does not = sound scientific reasoning.You don't like abortion. Fine, don't have one, but that you choose not to believe the fact that at ten weeks that little thing has 0 sense of self, does not constitute any type of proof that abortion should be banned for those who choose to undergo it before that thing is sentient.No one is for abortion once the child is self-aware. A self-aware human should not be aborted. That is not a self-aware human, no matter how cute. And that said, the vast vast majority of abortions take place before the first couple weeks.And that said, most science says there is not even a hint of possible self-awareness until around 26 weeks! I guess you were not man enough to match the video Silent Scream because that video clearly show a fetus doing what you say it can't; showing signs of awareness.I also I didn't say" few people have experienced abortion first hand". What I said is that few really know what it is.About being "closed minded "it doesn't matter what the thing looks like."If it looks human and genetically it's human; it probably is human.The question still remains unanswered: What kind of being is it? Your attempt to redefine the question hasn't changed the question, nor does it answer it. And a question not properly answered doesn't go away. That's why abortion is still a hot topic 35yrs after Roe vs Wade. There are a lot of people for whom something seems dreadfully wrong and for those of you who support abortion to dismiss us with some fancy mental gymnastics is simply inadequate. So please, answer the question.You also lose credibility with statements like these"the vast vast majority of abortions take place before the first couple weeks." How do you abort something you don't know you have? In most cases it's a missed period that tips the woman off and that takes time. Facts are annoying things when they contradict you and you can't make them go away by changing them. Do your research first before you make assertions like this, Because for those of us who have. you lose credibility. But I think you make my point that most people don't know much about abortion. But tell me iamdavidh, were you ever an unborn baby? Because if you were. you have to acknowledge that an abortion would have killed you, not something else but you. And that means abortion kills people in the early stages of their life not something else that later becomes them, but them. Listen, you want to believe it's a living thing based on that video, fine, I'll trust science. If science says it's a sentient being, I'll be against it.In the meantime, don't make these poor girls feel worse they they already do about the whole thing.So you're against it, but obviously a lot of people think that "silent scream" is rubbish.You know what, beatles make a noise when you squish them. They're not sentient though, and they actually have more brains than a fetus before the first couple weeks. Meanwhile, these poor girls, half the time they were raped, or their still just kids them self,and you get these nuts calling them nazis and killers and everything else,you know what, they're not killers. I don't know what a fetus is, you don't, but science does, and science says they aren't people yet.It says they're people after the third-trimester,before then, leave these girls alone until you have some scientific proof beyond,"I really really really really feel it's a living person."And to the last ridiculous paragraph. Had I been aborted I would have never existed, and so no, I would not have been killed. So there. I was a sperm once too, should guys stop ejaculating? Science has been wrong in the past. If science were always blindly trusted, we would never progress. It is challenging science that makes us find new and better answers. You are wrong about science saying it is not a human being.SCIENCE SAYS IT IS A HUMAN BEING.SCIENCE SAYS THAT THIS BABY IS VERY DEVELOPED AT TWELVE WEEKS.I thought you might want to know this. You should spend more time thinking about what you say before you type because you are starting to appear irrational. A line on "viability" is arbitrary; from conception humans are always increasingly "viable" It is faulty to claim that a fetus can achieve "viability", where it becomes an independent creature and worthy of some rights. Humans are always increasing in their independence and ability to survive. In modernity, children cannot survive on their own into their teens. ... science is irrational... and pretending you hear the screams of things that haven't developed vocal cords is perfectly sanegot it, thanks for the heads up :/These downvotes don't impress me either. I realize there is a religious coupe going on on create debate right now. But you'll get bored of being wrong eventually and move along to a site that will reinforce your misguided opinions instead of challenging them. Don't worry about saying good-bye, I hate long good byes and I tear up, you know, the emotion and all... You are good at making my point thank you. A question not properly answered never goes away, and equivocating on terms is a poor attempt to cloud the issue.It does appear you are rather uninformed about fetal development. I do hope you would be more open minded and consider the possibility that you might actually be mistaken.I only down vote faulty logic :) and insult is no argument, please deal with ihe issue at hand and actually respond to what is said and not what you think is said. AT NINE WEEKS A BABY HAS A HEART BEATONCE AGAIN I ASK YOU TO READ THIS LINK!!!! how is stabbing a pregnant dog, the same as abortion. it is completely different. we're not saying u can stab a pregnant person but we're saying that the pregnant person should have the option to abort. not that it is ok to go and stab any person that is pregnant. Read what I was replying to. I was being facetious. Following the logic of the statement I was replying to, it would wrong to have an abortion ever under any circumstance, but something like say, stabbing a pregnant dog in the vagina, would be just fine... if one were to follow the logic,which it's become quite apparent few posting under this topic are capable of. we're saying that the pregnant person should have the option to abort. Then why is your argument tagged "abortion should be banned"?Also funny to note is that (at this time) your post is the top post on this side!? No answer to my retort, just a down vote. That helps alot!? Yes, this type of stupid hypocracy must be banned!The parents have right to kill themselves but not their growing babies. Many countries face a crisis due to this. If the abortio is not a safe mode executed, then it can affect the parent's health too. Friends, How can you accept the death of an innocent infant who never harmed you? In 95% of cases it is the woman's fault for becoming pregnant, especially in teen cases. Abortion is stupid. All thes chicks that have abortions are stupid. A ban on abortion presents practical problems of enforcement: Enforcing an abortion ban would require a quite degrading and inhumane treatment of those women who wished to have their foetus terminated. Moreover, if pregnant women traveled abroad, they would be able to have an abortion in a country where it was legal. Either the state takes the draconian measure of restricting freedom of movement, or it must admit that its law is unworkable in practice and abolish it. The third way of tacitly accepting foreign terminations would render hypocritical the much-vaunted belief in the sanctity of life. In addition, the demand for abortions will always exist; making abortion illegal, will simply drive it underground and into conditions where the health and safety of the woman might be put at risk. Abortion is dumb, all the woman who have any are STUPID!!!! Abortion could ruin the race of mankind!! Then we would all be dead!!!!!!!!! do NOT like the idea of abortion and obama is stupid to give federal funds to abortion!!!! This is not an argument but supporting evidence of why abortion should be banned. This woman knows first hand what abortion is and what it does. If you are going to argue for abortion you will need to overcome this woman's testimony. But I bet most people will just attack her character falsely. Hi, I am a eighteen year old senior who was born two and a half months premature, a time when abortion's have been done. My mother and I were both in extream danger of dieing, my parents could have said, take it out and get my wife/myself out of danger then I would not be here today and plenty of children will never have a voice. If a mother or a couple does not want a child there is always the option of putting the child up for adoption, at least it will have a chance at life and a loveing family. Thank you for your testimony. I'm so glad you spoke up and would strongly encourage you to do it more often. Apart from rape your case is the most often used justification for abortion. And as your existence proves it is not proper justification. I know of a woman ( I can't remember her name) but her mother was rapped. I know of her because she is doing public speaking on this issue of abortion.You are a testimony to the fact the abortion snuffs out a human life because it would have taken yours. Thank you again. Abortion: One Key Issue By Gregory KouklAbortion involves killing and discarding something that's alive. Whether it's right or not to take the life of any living being depends entirely upon the answer to one question: What kind of being is it? The answer one gives is pivotal, the deciding element that trumps all other considerations.Let me put the issue plainly. If the unborn is not a human person, no justification for abortion is necessary. However, if the unborn is a human person, no justification for abortion is adequate.1999 Gregory Koukl. Reproduction permitted for non-commercial use only.For more information, contact Stand to Reason at 1438 East 33rd St., Signal Hill, CA 90755(800) 2-REASON (562) 595-7333 www.str.org Many abortion doctors admit that this baby is a living human being. Many baptize the babies after the abortion is finished. Well, the question is what makes us a person, and what makes us special above those beings which are okay to kill (most animals, insects plants etc...). I would argue that it's our ability to think and feel at a higher level. An embryo cannot think, feel, see, hear, remember, or do any of the other things that distinguish us as people and therefore must be put into a separate category then a fully formed person. Considering your ignorance on the topic of biology that you demonstrated in the evolution debate, I would not be surprised if you were unaware of this, but if you don't believe me I would be happy to provide evidence (or you could save me the trouble and trust me).The question then becomes: at what point does the unborn embryo/fetus gain the rights of a full grown person? There are two extremes:1) The moment after conception.2) The moment of birth.My problem with number one is that a single celled organism shouldn't have rights that are equal to those of a person, and my problem with number two is that mere physical location (outside rather than inside the womb) shouldn't dictate whether we have rights, so I propose that the embryo/fetus gains rights over time as it develops. How early these rights are given is obviously something that is going to be debated, and, in my own opinion, should be debated because it will be a much more fruitful debate than the current "all or nothing" one that is all too common. The question isn't about person hood, The question is what kind of life is it?By your logic it is OK to kill another human, especially if they are smaller and less developed than you , if they can't think, feel, see, hear, or remember than by all means, kill em. What you have just done is discriminated against a whole class of humans that are inferior to you and deemed them unworthy of life by your arbitrary standard. That sounds just like the logic of the Third Reich to me. And that's exactly how they categorized it; the life unworthy of life.But let me ask you; were you ever an unborn child? If you ever were the unborn child your mother carried, then you have to accept an undeniable truth: killing that child through abortion would have killed you. Not a potential you. Not a possible you. Not a future you. Abortion would have killed you. Aren't you glad your mother didn't view you in the same crass way you view other humans in the early stages of development. You are in essence arguing for a right that could have taken that very right from you. And just for the record, most abortions are performed at about 10 weeks. I've included a link so you can see what those embryos look like at 10 weeks. And please tell me what that is if it isn't human. Also in regards the fetus's (it's a fetus at 10 weeks) ability to think, feel, see, hear and remember watch the video "Silent Scream" to get a sense of just what it is you are arguing for. What you'll see is a fetus (just like you once were) recoil in fear has they fight for their life. But I do warn you, the footage is extremely graphic. If it can't think, feel, see, hear, or remember; can't survive without complete and total dependence on the biology of another being; and doesn't look particularly like people -- what exactly is it that makes this a "human"? Well first off it's pretty obvious what makes it human, genetics. About thinking, feeling,seeing and hearing go watch the video"Silent Scream" and tell me what that baby is doing. Difficulties of enforcement should not diminish the principles of the law: Many laws have difficulties pertaining to implementation, but these do not diminish the strength of the principle behind them: people will kill other people, regardless of your legislating against it, but it does not follow that you shouldnt legislate against it. I've seen "Silent Scream" four times already; I was convent-schooled and thus unsurprisingly I've been shown lots of graphically disgusting abortion pictures. And y'know what? I'm still not remotely persuaded that it is preferable to ruin women's lives or leave them to die in back alleys.DNA? Your sperm has DNA. Your hair and skin cells have DNA. Your saliva has DNA. Are sperm, hair, skin, and spit also human beings in their own rights?About "thinking, feeling, seeing and hearing" -- you conceded that an fetus slated for abortion is not capable of doing these things in your post above. "By your logic . . . if they can't think, feel, see, hear, or remember than by all means, kill em." So this new argument that "Silent Scream" contradicts your earlier premise that the fetus does NOT "think, feel, see, or hear" is simply logically inconsistent. Ok, so it's better to kill 1500 children a day than a handful of women periodicallyDNA proves humanity, that's allUm whoops, you took that out of context. Go back and read what I said. Notice how that quote starts. by your logic it doesn't say by my logic But you posited the "can't think, see, feel, etc." You supplied that and you endorsed it by posting it. Notice how you did that. Can't get out by saying that your characterization was part of a criticism - it was still your characterization.A clump of cells in utero is not a "child." That's why medical science has words like "zygote" and "blastula" and "embryo" and "fetus."If you are asking for my personal opinion on abortion, which you seem to be, it is that abortion is a highly imperfect solution to a very real problem; but that until we have developed and agreed as a society to disseminate a completely 100% effective, safe, and pragmatic method of birth control complete with age-appropriate sex education AND eliminated rape and abuse or coercion of children, then the societal costs of limiting abortion access much further than it already is (and it IS limited; states can regulate it after the first trimester and can ban it completely once the fetus reaches viability, and can also determine which procedures will and will not be permitted) are simply too great. Rather than banning it, we need to be working towards making abortion pretty much unneccesary. This is much harder to do than simply banning it, but does have the advantage of actually solving the problems posed both by allowing and by prohibiting abortion rather than just ignoring them. I dont care to debate nor discuss your convoluted justifications for destroying a human fetus or embryo. My question to you: Why did your mother not destroy you while you were nothing but a cellular glob?Answer: Because your mother, and probably your father, loved you more than they loved You are ready to justify the killing of human fetuses, while at the same time ignorant of the fact that your bullshit argument is possible by reason of your mothers refusal to kill you while your were nothing but a cellular glob! A female like you who is willing to justify the most cowardice of crimes against her own would-be progeny will commit any manner of crime against her own offspring. So, I think you should make certain that no cellular glob that is human in nature should ever be allowed to grow within your womb, for any child that is born of your matrix will most likely be sacrificed for your own selfish benefit. This is no argument!! Why, because, you have confessed to the innocence of killing your own would-be progeny. Down-vote all of my arguments! It still will not change the fact of your willingness to advocate not only the killing of all human fetuses (yes, all human fetuses), but the killing of your own would-be children. Go ahead! Justify yourself, for your response is nothing more than a self-justification via the state agreeing with you that should kill your un-born progeny. Oh, I can say much more about females such as you. Please, provoke me!BTW, how many children have you given birth to? "I dont care to debate"Then STFU!!! What the hell are you even doing on a site titled "create debate" I dont care to debate nor discuss your convoluted justifications for destroying a human fetus or embryo. Don't abstract a fragment of a statement for your propaganda. Pick and choose what you want in order to justify yourself?Do you work for FoxNews? What the hell are you even doing on a site titled "create debate" then?Correcting criminals like yourself that think a debate justifies your criminal intention!Silly criminal, debates are for just persons with just intentions, not criminals with crime in the seared conscience!STFU? Create Debate is not a forum for justifying the unjustifiable. Create Debate is a debating format for rational thought. Killing an un-born fetus cannot be rationalized! So, why do you stretch the intention of debate? I know! You are justifying your intent!Justifying the undebatable with debate! You are still a criminal! Typical. You didn't come for a debate, you came for a fight. Debates are for people interested in listening to both sides and expecting to get out of it with a better understanding of the world. You came to "correct" people, not to understand other points of view.The undebatable? There's no such thing. Every issue is debatable. It's true that some have stronger arguments on one side than the other, but this shouldn't bother the rational person you claim to be. Im not defending myself nor my viewpoint, I am boldly declaring the implications of the pro-abortionist. You must understand that if I am truly anti-abortionist, I will not waste time dancing and playing with individuals who promote the killing of human fetuses. I did not come for a fight as you have claimed, what I came for was an intellectual abortion of anti-fetus rhetoric. The undebatable? There's no such thing. Every issue is debatable. (Self-refuting argument)I am not God, the creator of the heavens and Earth. Would you care to debate or find someone to debate that proposition? Again, No man is a woman. Again, No horse is a dog. Again, No debate is a fetus. Again, 1 is not 4Again, 1 and 1 is not 7Again, 2 and 10 is 2 less than 14Again, Man is fallible. As I said, some debates have much stronger arguments to one side.1 is not 4.I agree. If both numbers refer to the same kind of thing, 1 is not 4. 1 banana is not 4 bananas. One could argue that, if it's not specified, 1 could be 4... For example, 1 family might have exactly 4 people in it. In this case, 1 (family) is 4 (people). But if the numbers are just shown without "units", it's usually implied that they are probably referring to the same thing. Therefore, 1 is not 4.If you have your arguments in order, every issue is debatable. It's just that some are closer to a consensus than others... Doctors that have difficulty performing abortions still acknowledge its importance. Many people have trouble with parts of their profession. A general, for instance, has trouble sending his troops to their death, but typically acknowledges the need for this to occur in certain instance. Abortion doctors, similarly, might be challenged by the process of an abortion (and even believe that they are "killing" the fetus), but nevertheless acknowledge the need for abortions and so are comfortable with their profession. The difficulty doctors experience in performing abortions, therefore, is not an argument against abortions. If both numbers refer to the same kind of thing, 1 is not 4. 1 banana is not 4 bananas. One could argue that, if it's not specified, 1 could be 4... For example, 1 family might have exactly 4 people in it. In this case, 1 (family) is 4 (people). But if the numbers are just shown without "units", it's usually implied that they are probably referring to the same thing. Therefore, 1 is not 4.1 is not 4 is a proposition. The proposition is not an accounting statement. It is a proposition that asserts that 1 and 4 are not predicable of each other. In fact if that proposition is debatable then the law of mathematics is without a foundation. Your arguments fail to debate the proposition, 1 is not 4 , but yet argues distinctly different propositions. I think that referring to mathematical rules as "laws" is the kind of misleading argument religious people like to use when implying that when using mathematics you require faith. Mathematics are not the ultimate truth about anything, neither should they be treated as unchangeable laws of the universe. Mathematics, as well as physics, chemistry, etc. are a set of tools invented by humans in order to explain phenomena we observe around us. We made sciences up, and it's up to us to upgrade them in order to improve our knowledge about the world. Here I didn't go as far as to point a flaw in mathematics or something that should be changed, I actually agreed that in most cases 1 is not 4, and I know how useful that is in our daily life. My point is, we can and should question and debate everything, even the foundations of something which has been working for us all along, because we can never know when old explanations might fail us. This is specially valid for the question of abortion, since our old conceptions about when life begins might be wrong. Anyways, if my semantic discussion of 1 not being 4 was not mathematical enough for you, here I got another one..."1 is not 4"Wrong, this is not always the case. When dealing with binary numbers, when 1 is in the third number from the right, as in 100, 1 represents 4. In 111, 100, 10100, and so on, the third 1 is always 4 (as in the decimal system). I think you are misunderstanding what a logical proposition is. True, we can pretend to debate everything by use of fallacious thoughts, but when an argument is illogical nothing is debated. However, in a sense we can irrationally argue everything! Agreed!You have claimed that all issues are debatable while at the same time failing to support your proposition. The fallacious arguments you have submitted fail to refute my proposition and consequently indicate that only my proposition, i.e. not all issues are debatable, is axiomatic. There is not one axiom you have affirmed that is evidence of your assertion, All issues are debatable.The only logical and axiomatic proposition of this debate is simply: Some issues are debatable. So going back to abortion... you say that an illogical argument is not-debatable. So could you explain what is illogical about debating abortion? Clearly, just by being here you dispute your own statement. It seems to me that you are just going around the issue without proving that killing a non-fully developed fetus is the same thing as killing a 3 year old child. Prove your statement without evading the debate and calling it "illogical". - Or else prove why it is illogical to debate this. The principle of pro-abortion: Human fetuses and embryos are sacrificial. Welcome to a self-evident truth. 1. The pro-abortionists could dispute the words of the principle, but in doing such the pro-abortionist must necessarily contradict the pro-abortionist view. 2. The anti-abortionist has no reason to debate the principle because the truth of the principle is self evident. Dont make the mistake of thinking that anti-abortionists will sacrifice their un-born offspring. And furthermore, you will not be mistaken if you think pro-abortionists will sacrifice their un-born progeny for themselves. Now, lets see if you and I can logically debate the principle I have affirmed of pro-abortionists. Seriously, lets attempt a debate amongst one another as a test of my ability to reason. Good luck! the truth of the principle is self evident.? You mean that, in your opinion, the principle is false, right? First, logically explain me why do you think this is absolutely false, as in, there's absolutely no situation in which this could be true, no matter which other factors are involved.No, the principle of pro-abortion is: Human fetuses and embryos are sacrificial. The principle is true to fact; it is not false to fact. My assertion is indicating the ethical standard of pro-abortionists. I am not saying that their principle is good or just, I am affirming the principle of their agenda.Now, consider the principle of the anti-abortionist: Human fetuses and embryos are not sacrificial. Does this help? Also, I'd like to say that I'm not sure about my opinion on abortion... I do think that interrupting a pregnancy is not good, but I cannot simply ignore the problems an undesired child might bring to its family and society. At this point in my life, I wouldn't consider abortion, but I don't feel like I can make this decision for other people, so I wouldn't like it to be "banned". This matter puzzles me, so I don't usually join debates related to it. I just came into this one because I saw your comment about criminals and the undebatable, so now I'm here just looking forward to seeing you logically prove that there's absolutely no situation in which sacrificing a human embryo is the less of two evils. I'm looking forward to a debate.Ill reply to this part after we clearly understand one another about the truth of the principle of pro-abortion. This is a fair approach. Criminal? LOL, I was invited to intern with the prosecutor's office. And FYI, falsely alleging in print that someone is a criminal is called "libel" -- or if you want to be technical, "the tort of civil libel," meaning that I now have a cause of action to sue you if I like. (Ain't screenshots grand?) Congrats -- you just crossed the line between what is merely rude and childish, and what is actually forbidden by law!Please, by all means, go on making an ass of yourself. It's funny and it totally discredits your position so in effect I win twice . . .:Dlolololololol #1 Our mutual anonymity precludes the possibility of personal injury by defamation. No persons identity has been defamed and hence you have no case! #2 I find it quite humorous that you must associate yourself with some legal professional as though that would somehow imply your competence concerning legal concepts. Please, by all means, go on making an ass of yourself. It's funny and it totally discredits your position so in effect I win twice . . .You may think that you have won something, but at what cost? Lastly, if I make (as you claim) an ass of myself it certainly was not for myself; for I am a man of substance and not image, and the substance I represent justifies every mother-to-be who has chosen to keep her baby. You, on the other hand, are nothing but image, and hence your image is the result of winning or losing a debate about terminating the lives of unborn fetuses. Great Image no doubt! Partial-birth abortion. That is all I have to say and I get the chills. This abortion is usually performed in the third trimester.The baby is forced into the birth canal legs first and everything except the head is delivered. The doctor then stabs the head while it is still in the canal and sucks out the brains.I will say some very important facts:At nine weeks a baby has a heartbeat.At 4.5 months he can feel pain. This baby, this human being can feel the stab of the knife. He can feel himself dying. By the end of the 1st trimester a baby can think, see, hear, remember, and many other things. What is the difference between killing a baby nine weeks after conception and murdering baby nine weeks after birth?Tell me! I want to know.An abortion doctor failed to abort a baby and he was born alive. So the doctor took the baby and killed him. The doctor was not charged with murder but was charged with the failure to abort the baby. Doctors that perform abortions are often emotionally damaged Anonymous abortion doctor, quoted by Jack Hitt in "Who Will Do Abortions Here?", New York Times Magazine, January 18, 1998 - "[Doing abortions] can make you feel bad ... No matter how pro-choice you are, it makes you feel low." Whether it's right or not to take the life of any living being depends entirely upon the answer to one question: What kind of being is it? The answer one gives is pivotal, the deciding element that trumps all other considerations. Depends entirely ? Heavily for sure but I am not buying entirely. ... So I can find a pregnant dog and stab it in the vagina? Abortion should be legal. The government should never have the right to make decisions pertaining to one's own body and/or a decision to bring a child into the world or not. It takes the moral responsibility to do what is right away from the individual and this would cause us to become more and more conditioned to behave in whatever ways the establishment chooses to mold us. It would contradict the very core of what it means to be free.If we make abortion illegal, shouldn't we also make adoption? In case you don't know, the business of adoption is in the billions per year. Making abortion illegal would bolster this industry even further, and allow desperate people to become "baby merchants", for profit. An example would be a girlfriend of mine who needed money and decided to sell her eggs. What moral ground does that hold? Not to mention the financial burden more children would put on the American people in light of high inflation and low wages, health care costs, education etc. Forcing you to keep a child could very well sink many families into poverty. To me, the person undertaking an abortion has enough to deal with that they don't need my opinion on their moral character on top of it. They don't need my judgement because they're the ones having to live with that decision. And of course legal abortion would come with regulations to protect it from abuse. I think there's a lot that can be done to provide people the freedom of choice without allowing them to abuse that freedom, just like many other things in this country. If we make abortion illegal, adoption agencies might start to look like dog pounds.I think we need to believe that the majority of people in this country, and around the world, are good people seeking nothing more than the best chance at living a healthy and happy life. We are not all predisposed to moral corruption, poor decision making and ignorance. If we want to prosper as a nation we have to believe in our fellow man and that he will do what's right, however, that faith will not come without regulations to protect the system from those of us that would abuse it. There are thousands of people who want to take these children because they cannot have their own. If you do not want a child, have it and put it up for adoption. At least you will be preserving a human life rather than killing one. The debate is not about whether or not abortion is sometimes the best course of action, but whether or not a government agency has the right to make laws mandating that a pregnant woman carry a child to term. There are various good reasons for terminating a pregnancy. There are even more reasons a woman may choose to abort that are not good. Is it the business of the state to intervene and evaluate the reasoning process that the woman and her doctor apply when making these tough decisions? I don't think so.Allowing government entities to have the final irrevocable say in such situations sets a precedent that puts the government in a too high of a position relative to our fundamental liberties. What can we do short of legislation to significantly reduce the number of abortions performed when there are better options? People like me who abhor abortion need to focus on putting the alternatives front and center. You say;There are various good reasons for terminating a pregnancy. I'd like to hear one.But to answer your question about the role of government in these affairs please consider the following: "We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America." Taking the life of another person is an injustice, destroys domestic tranquility, destroys general welfare and robs the individual of the blessings of liberty, If government has no authority to protect an individuals unalienable rights what good is it?This is how our Founding Fathers saw it: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness"Please note the use of the word "all" The decision handed down in Roe vs Wade stripped a whole class of people their rights by denying their humanity. This ruling goes against the very Constitution itself; It is a disgrace. As I said earlier it turns the law on it's head, the very law it is supposed to uphold. It appears this court has become destructive of the purpose for which it was founded and according to the Deceleration of Independence it is our duty to do something about. There are various good reasons for terminating a pregnancy.I'd like to hear one.In some cases an abortion may be life saving to the pregnant woman. I don't think that a woman who chooses abortion to save her own life is committing an immoral act. Taking the life of another person is an injusticeIn general I agree that is true, but you yourself admit that sometimes it is justifiable to take a life DO YOU NOT?If government has no authority to protect an individuals unalienable rights what good is it?I never said that "government has no authority to protect an individuals unalienable rights". Whatever just authority it does have is derived from the consent of the governed.How far do we let government go "protecting" us. There are a million more laws I'm sure that can be shoved down our throats in the name of protection. Our right to privacy applies at some point, and I think health care decisions made in a doctor's office merit that privacy from government intrusion. That scenario of the endangered mother is rare. The vast majority of abortions are performed on healthy women and children. You don't make laws based on exceptions to the norm.The right to life is the most fundamental right, everything else stands or falls on this one issue. When we as a people deny that right to a whole class of people we have undercut ourselves.In regards the taking of life; I agree with you, but not when it comes to abortion. And just to be clear, an unjustified action is unjust. I'm convinced that an abortion is unjustified for the reasons commonly given.In regards how far: I think the Constitution makes that clear, but Roe vs Wade undercuts that very Constitution. This isn't a debate about some theoretically fetus somewhere. This is about the 1500 lives that are snuffed out daily in our land and it's about you and I because it affects you and I. Don't think laws like this can stand without serious ramifications. Just consider that 1/3 of our population has been exterminated since Roe vs Wade. Do you think that has an affect on Social Security now that there are more people drawing from it than paying into it. What of the effects on health care? How many doctors and scientist were exterminated You don't make laws based on exceptions to the norm.maybe not based on, but exceptions to the norm should at times bear heavily during the legislative process.The right to life is the most fundamental right, everything else stands or falls on this one issue.So the argument is... that since the right to privacy from government intrusion is not as of high a priority as the right to life, the government therefore ought to have full access to any medical health records related to pregnant women so they can follow up and make sure abortions are not performed by state licensed doctors? If a teen girl was found pregnant she could be arrested for underage sex and could carry to term while incarcerated........ready to be made into a movie...jeezI think that in a very real sense, the right to "reproductive privacy" precedes the "right to life". I would love to read a response to this particular point.In regards the taking of life; I agree with you, but not when it comes to abortion.Yes I understand you are a firm proponent of the death penalty....isn't it true?...oh right I remember the logic "You don't make laws based on exceptions to the norm"You don't have to convince me that high abortion rates represent the deepest poverty. I need to be convinced that government intervention (invasion to the privacy thereof) in doctor/pregnant woman relations is merited. Remember I think that the right to life depends on reproductive privacy. Let me address the point you are making here:that since the right to privacy from government intrusion is not as of high a priority as the right to life, the government therefore ought to have full access to any medical health records related to pregnant women so they can follow up and make sure abortions are not performed by state licensed doctors?If I'm torturing little babies in my basement are you saying that I have a right to privacy from government intrusion? And if I'm a doctor I have more of a right to do what I want? Don't you think this goes against one of the reasons for licensing doctors, public safety? Again I say; If a government has not right to protect life, what good is it.On the issue of the death penalty. The principal in play for me on this issue and abortion is the same; the sanctity of human life. The Hippocratic oath forbids doctors from performing abortions Hippocratic Oath, attributed to the school of Hippocrates, the Father of Medicine, circa 400 B.C. - "I will give no deadly medicine to any one if asked, nor suggest any such counsel; and in like manner I will not give to a woman a pessary to produce abortion." If I'm torturing little babies in my basement are you saying that I have a right to privacy from government intrusion?It is true that laws enacted to protect privacy rights also provide opportunity for secret wrongdoing. Jstantall, you agree that abortions are sometimes medically necessary correct me if I am wrong.You think that a doctor/pregnant woman relationship should not be private but court monitored to make sure doctors don't commit murder. Again correct me if I am wrong. Very little of all abortions are performed because of the baby threatening the mother's life. Even less abortions are performed because the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest. Most reasons are not enough money for a baby; partner/family does not want me to keep the baby. Taking the life of another person. . . is not what happens in an abortion, because a fetus is not a "person."Roe didn't strip any class of "people" of rights, because a fetus is not a person. Nothing about the abortion right is unconstitutional, because (get ready for it): a fetus is not a person. Never in the history of U.S. law has a fetus been a "person," and a fetus is not a "person" under the law of the EU either.Are you getting the part where you went wrong yet? The question is not about person-hood, but humanity and that is genetically verifiable. Answer the question, what kind of being is it? Everything else is superfluous.And just so you know what side you stand on; your argument is similar to those who supported slavery, they are not full persons and therefore have no rights under the law.So let me qoute you using the word slavery in place of fetus and maybe you can see where you went wrongNothing about the right to slavery is unconstitutional, because (get ready for it): a slave is not a person. Never in the history of U.S. law has a slave been a "person," and a slave is not a "person" under the law of Britain either. A slave is property and therefore one can do with it as one sees fit. Your argument fails in that a human who has been born, whether freed or enslaved, is a life in being -- i.e., someone who is an autonomous life fully developed to the point of not being physiologically dependent on another being for basic bodily functions. We recognize that autonomous, born human beings share certain basic rights. These rights do not extend to clumps of cells which are wholly dependent on another living being for their existence. Therefore your analogy does not actually equate at all. A clump of cells is not what is aborted, do your research first. But let's say they are for the sake of the argument; what kind of cells are they? chicken? no they are human.On the issue of dependency: you are wholly dependent on other living beings for your existence. By your logic it would be OK to kill you if the issue of dependency was all that was needed to justify your death. And further more we could extend this to the mentally and physically handicapped. It could apply to the sick and suffering, people with cancer and all those in hospitals. The logic you use is exactly the logic the Third Reich used when it began doing these very things; long before it got to exterminating 6 million Jews.You may agree with the Third Reich that there is such thing as a life unworthy of life, but I don't. A child conceived is worthy of life and should have every opportunity to live it. Your argument is specious. The sick and handicapped are not at issue. People with cancer are not at issue. None of them have hooked themselves up to the bodies of autonomous adults whose physiological functions are then used to regulate their own.And of course, the first one to make an overblown comparison between the issue at hand and Nazism is inevitably the loser in any given debate. I'm questioning the underlying principle in play here and there is a connection between all the examples I gave. if you can't see the underlying principle here I don't know what to tell you. The argument looks like this:X is not worthy of life because of Y, therefore we're justified in killing it.Now just put Jews, slaves, embryos or what ever in place of "X" and put your reason in place of "Y" and you've got your argument.Can you see the analogy between them now? So my principal objection is with the "Y" when you have an embryo for "X" Jews, slaves, etc. are all beings in their own right, not dependent on the womb of another. So no, your argument does not hold up. Notice what you have done; You've imposed an arbitrary standard (dependent on the womb of another) and then said it is OK to kill any human being who doesn't meet this standard. That standard can be slid anywhere up or down, from conception to old age. It's what is know as moral relativism and it's a morally bankrupt ethic. The question is not; at what point can we kill it, but what is it?You need to first establish that this standard of yours is morally justified because I'm not persuaded that it is. It is contradictory to oppose abortion while supporting capital punishment. Loesje, Dutch Fictional character "Active and International girl", b.1983 - How can anyone be against abortion but for the death penalty Old age? How's that work? No "human being" is going to be dependent on the womb of another for more than about 10 months. Once it's out of the womb, it is by definition no longer dependent on said womb for survival.The standard is flexible, not arbitrary. It is flexible to a certain defined degree (as it should be) and that degree should, to my thinking, correspond to the level of prenatal physiological development. In other words, rights vest as the being grows and matures. All of us were once a fetus. That is a child. Obviously, none of you chose to watch the posted video, silent screams? Or how about the facts about a 10 week fetus. The whole argument is whether it is a person or not. Just because the law says it not, does not make that right. We are challenging the law. This is also our constitutional right. All of us were once a fetus. Agree. That is a child. Disagree: unsupported leap in logic. The organism passes through varied stages of development between "fertilized egg" and "child."Obviously, none of you chose to watch the posted videoIncorrect assertion. Watched it, multiple times, not in favor of outlawing abortion.We are challenging the law. This is also our constitutional right.Yup, that's your right, but since SCOTUS has already rejected "it's a person it's a child" not just once but many times, continuing to just assert "it's a person it's a child" while citing to a video from 25 years ago is probably not a very strong argument with which to challenge the law. In the third trimester it is actually safer to have a c-section than it is to have in an abortion.At nine weeks a baby has a heartbeat.At 4.5 months he can feel pain. There is no good reason to have an abortion!!! I'd like add a different perspective to your argument. I've changed one key word, tell me if it changes anything.The debate is not about whether or not slavery is sometimes the best course of action, but whether or not a government agency has the right to make laws mandating that a man may not have a slave. There are various good reasons for having slaves. There are even more reasons a man may choose to have a slave that are not good. Is it the business of the state to intervene and evaluate the reasoning process that the buyer and seller apply when making these tough decisions? I don't think so.Allowing government entities to have the final irrevocable say in such situations sets a precedent that puts the government in a too high of a position relative to our fundamental liberties. What can we do short of legislation to significantly reduce the number of slaves traded when there are better options? People like me who abhor slavery need to focus on putting the alternatives front and center. Hope that clears things up for you. I agree 100%. This is a cultural issue and not a political one. i agree 100 percent with you. the government shouldnt force someone to not have an abortion. This is stupid. The simple fact of all of this is let people decide what they want to do with teir bodies, I am so sick of republicans saying "no more government" then they have these "rules" which make more decisions for us. Total hypocrisy. You have a right to choose is my stance on everything. I wrote this speech...read it and it will answer your questions. Abortion: Choose Life-it begins at Conception: Think about this. A girl had an abortion, thinking that the baby wasnt living so it wouldnt matter. But, after she had the abortion, she saw what she thought wasnt living, and it actually was. The baby was living and she watched it die. From then on, she couldnt even live with herself knowing that she killed a living human being. This story that I just told you is true. A lot of women think that it isnt a baby before they have the abortion, and I will explain to you that abortion is the killing of a living baby. Well, if life doesnt begin at birth, then when does it begin? Life begins at conception. This is a fact, because there is a lot of proof that can back that fact up. For example, there is scientific proof and there is Biblical proof. To further explain what abortion is, I will talk about these important things: one, it is spiritually right that life begins at conception, two, how scientifically there is proof that life begins at conception, Three, what we can do about the abortions, and finally, why girls get abortions. Those are all the things that should be thought about, so I will be explaining them, to help you understand them. Some woman have abortions because of these three things: one, They might think that theyre too young to have a baby, two, their boyfriend or spouse makes them have an abortion, three, if they do have the abortion the girls parents would get mad at her. The case also might be that she just doesnt want to deal with the baby. First, you probably ought to know what abortion is. Abortion is killing the baby inside you when you are pregnant. Every year 1.5 million babies are killed by abortion. Thats 125,000 babies killed a month, making it 4,000 babies killed each day, or one baby killed every 20 seconds, that is so amazingly awful. That is basically one murder happening every 20 seconds. How brutal. The fact that life begins at conception is spiritually right. As it says in the Bible; Jeremiah 1:5 says, Before I formed you in the womb, I knew you, before you were born I set you apart. The Bible says that life begins at conception, meaning that right at conception the baby becomes a living human being. There are many Bible verses that back up the fact that life begins at conception, like the one I just said. That Bible verse, Jeremiah 1:5 is saying that God intended a unique human being, starting at conception. Just because you cant see or feel the baby inside of you, doesnt mean its not a baby, and alive and a human being, just like you. That is what a lot of people do not think about, even though you really should. There also is scientific proof. Some people may think that life begins at birth, or some people even later, but that is wrong, life begins at conception. Because of the fact that the baby forms gradually after conception, then conception is the only real point where you can say that the baby is a living human being. For example, the heart beat starts gradually, over a period of time so conception is the only exact starting point of life. Also, DNA defines a separate human being, and so when does a person form their own DNA? A person gets their own DNA at conception. That is a whole lot of proof, so it is just like saying it is a crime to kill a 1 year old, so why isnt it a crime to kill a baby when he or she is still in the mothers womb? That is a question that probably will go unanswered forever, or they will just say that the baby is not living, which is a complete lie. Now, what can we do about abortion? There many things that we can do about abortion. If you start supporting this pro-life movement then it will keep growing so much then no one will have an abortion. Hopefully then the abortion clinics will shut down, and the law will have to change. But, most importantly you can change the hearts of the people who support abortion, and save the innocent little babies. Now, how can we stop abortion? There are many ways to help stop abortion. Another way is you can donate money to a place like The Pregnancy Resource Center and they will use it to buy an ultrasound machine and to then show the women their babies to try to convince them not to have an abortion. You can also write to the president or another government representative, and tell them about all this proof that I have told you, hoping that their hearts will change and then the law. In conclusion to all of this, it is spiritually right that life begins at conception, and scientifically there is proof that life begins at conception. There are many ways that you can help stop abortion, so I hope that you take a while and do that. There are a lot of things wrong with having an abortion, so you really should not have one. Just remember that God loves the person getting the abortion AND the beautiful, innocent little babies. Thank you and I hope that you have realized that life begins at conception, you should help the pro-life movement, and that having an abortion is wrong. WORDS: 981 Um, that doesnt prove anything except what it actually is. When a woman becomes pregnant she starts going through a hormonal change to adjust for this really huge thing that is about to happen to her life. It is natures way of preparing a woman for motherhood. When the baby is lost, through abortion, miscarriage, or accident, all women go back to normal hormones in a quick fashion and it causes depression. If you think that a woman feeling guilty about the abortion isnt misplaced emotion then let me tell you a general story that I am sure relates to every woman on the planet. When you get all emotional and upset because your bf or husband does not put the dishes in the right place or some other lame ass reason for getting upset, do you really think that that is really the issue? Is it really not your period or your mom not listening to you? Yes it is. So misunderstanding your emotions and where they stem from is how you define "woman". An abortion kills innocents; capital punishment kills the guilty There is no contradiction between opposing abortions and supporting capital punishment, as many conservatives do. An abortion involves killing an innocent fetus, whereas capital punishment involves killing a guilty, terrible human being. One involves killing an unborn baby with the potential to contribute positively to society, the other kills a human being that has demonstrated themselves unfit to live in society. The real inconsistency is in supporting abortion while opposing capital punishment. But who is going to choose for the unborn child? Like I said was premature, if my parents had chosen to abort me then I would never had the chance to call out my ideas, have you ever thought of that? There is a name for that it's called Anarchy and every society that embraces it collapses. This is a speech that i found:On behalf of the Salt & Light team, I would like to speak to you about a subject that is near and dear to our hearts. Today is National Sanctity of Human Life day. Perhaps you have noticed the pro-life sign in front of our church. If not, I invite you to look at it after the service this morning. Thirty years ago, the United States Supreme Court made up a constitutional right to abortion in Roe v. Wade. Since then there have been 44 million abortions. There have been 112 million births. Using those two numbers, one can calculate that 28 percent of all pregnancies have ended in abortion. Everyday the number of babies killed by abortionists approximately equals the 3,000 killed by terrorists on September 11, 2001.Now I believe that I do not have to convince anyone here in this church about the evilness and tragedy of abortion. But, if anyone remains unconvinced, go over to our nursery, pick up a little baby, hold it in your arms and gaze into its eyes and you will know the truth. All the pro-choice pro-abortion rhetoric will just melt away.The real question to be asked is why, in this predominately-Christian nation, do we tolerate this practice? I have spent three years trying to answer that question. I must tell you that I am totally amazed. There really should be no debate at all about abortion. The truth should be clear to everyone. It should be a slam-dunk that abortion should not be tolerated. It should not be legalized. And it should not be a choice. After studying this issue, I now understand how Adolf Hitler was able to pull off the holocaust. It took a tremendous amount of propaganda, lies, and deceit. The Nazis were able to morally confuse many people. It took many good Christians in Germany closing their eyes and remaining silent. Well the same thing is true today in the United States of America. There are a relatively few passionate activists who loudly spread pro-choice pro-abortion propaganda, lies, and deceit. They are able to morally confuse many people in our country. It is a sad truth that most Christians in all denominations have closed their eyes and have remained silent.The abortion struggle has corrupted our politics. Legalized abortion is so entrenched in our government because one of our two major political parties has embraced it. To even be considered a viable candidate in that party one must blindly accept the doctrine of legalized abortion. This has made it difficult for the Christians who are traditionally members of that party. Every election cycle, pro-choice candidates try to give Christians reasons to vote for them on other issues. And so, too many Christians forget about abortion as they go vote. They often provide the margin of victory for pro-choice pro-abortion candidates. If a miracle were to happen and those Christians were to hold a little baby in their arms and gaze into his or her eyes just before stepping into the voting booth, our system of abortion would disappear after the very next election.In conclusion, the most important thing I have learned during these last three years is that the future of abortion is totally in the hands of Christians. We really do have the political power to solve this problem. Our cultural enemies know this and they are scared. They desperately work to demonize and marginalize us. We do not have to convince the sinful pro-choice activists that they are wrong about abortion. We do not have to convince the radical feminists, the biased news media, or the morally corrupt politicians. To win, all we have to do is convince our fellow Christians to truly follow Christ and there is no doubt that they will vote pro-life. If I was raped, lets say by...my father, and i got pregnant at the age of 14, it would not be mentally healthy for me to go through with my pregnancy! It would wreak havoc on my own psyche and screw my child over from the abnormal hormone fluctuations [stress is bad for the baby in utero]. If the pregnancy would be damaging in any way to the mother, because it really is her choice, I believe abortion is appropriate. I AM NOT SAYING IT SHOULD BE USED AS BIRTH CONTROL. If you have more than one abortion because of your own stupid mistakes, then yes, you most definitely carry the baby to term and put it up for adoption. But if the pregnancy is going to be damaging, get the abortion as soon as possible. No abortion should not be banned, it is the peoples choice if they wish to have a child not be forced to have it, especially if they are young. Shame on the people who say it should be banned. How would you like to be forced to do something?? For one thing people are forced to do things all the time and i suggest you watch an abortion. Did you know that they just vacume it out like a dust bunny as it is screaming and its limbs are being torn off? Take that into acount next time you think about that. i think it depends on the circumstances. if you were raped, and then got pregnant, would you still keep the child. Certainly it shouldn't be a form of birth control, but in some cases it should be allowed. besides if your argument is that we would be taking a life then wouldn't we have to stop anything that takes a life such as war, the death penalty, and meat production? It shouldn't. It's the parents choice, if you can't take care of a child you shouldn't have on in the first place. Although there's plenty of other choices to do with your kid like give up for adoption sell for weed what ever, it's nobodies choice to choose for the parents. You have your own choices, abortion can be one of them. Especially in poverty or if you're simply a druggy. Plus, we don't need another GANGSTER or drug dealer in the world. Just saying !!! Who says the kid will turn into a gangster? Just saying. I think that when a parent considers abortion they should take into acount the voice that is being silanced. some ignorant people (mostly men, of course). for women, how would you feel if you didn't want to have a child and an accident happened, with a condom or birth control or anything else. what if abortion was illegal? because procreation is such a burden on women anyway, between periods, pregnancy, and the birth, don't you think that women should at least have a choice? (By the way: if you want to talk about the baby being alive as it's a growing egg, well here's the thing, everything on this is formed with cells and bacteria so think about that next time you shoot a deer or something.) The reproductive rights movement has no genocidal drive: No serious proponents of abortion are out to kill all embryos. Furthermore, it is an insult to the memory of the alive and conscious human beings murdered by the Nazis to equate them with embryos for anti-abortion propaganda. Um...in case you did not figure it out... I am a girl, and a girl who knows the developement of a child. If you do not want the child give it up for adoption, there is no reason to kill it. this is a tiresome argument. as long as people (women) are getting pregnant and people (women and men) don't wanna have that pregnancy, then we will have abortions regardless of laws, so-called morals, etc.the answer is adequate 1) health/sex information and 2) improved availability to contraception since historically (stupid) efforts to control sex have failed this is a tiresome argument.as long as people are buying slaves and people (women and men) wanna sale that slave, then we will have slavery regardless of laws, so-called morals, etc.the answer is adequate 1) slavery information and 2) improved availability of slavery since historically (stupid) efforts to slavery have failedHope that clears up the mental smog for you :) There needs to be improved sex ed in society. How does that solve this issue? Just because people will try to do something outside the law, does not mean the government should just make it legal. isn't it true that around 50% of all pregnancy's are not plannedisn't it true that the USA has one of the highest teen pregnancy ratesisn't is true that higher abortion rates are directly linked to the non-availability of contraceptionso why do we have abstinence-only policy's that are proven not to work You can't get pregnant or contract an STD if your not having sex outside of marriage. We set high standards for our children's education and hold them to it. Why not set high standards for them sexually also, since nothing curtails an education like a pregnancy. Abstinence is the only practice that provides 100% protection against STDs and pregnancy, nothing else comes close. There is only one question when it comes to abortion, what is it? If it is a human being then it requires a very high level of justification to take it's life. I have simply seen no argument that comes close to proper justification for the taking the life of an innocent human being. The only arguments I have seen are those that try to take away the embryo's humanity and make it less than human. attn Jstantall:"If it is a human being then it requires a very high level of justification to take it's life. I have simply seen no argument that comes close to proper justification for the taking the life of an innocent human being."are you concerned about only the innocent unborn embryo or all innocent life? Yes, all innocent life. But that depends on how you define innocent life. it is simple - innocent simply means free of blame, not guilty, not in the wrong, etc. Yes, all innocent life.So -- vegetarian, Fetuses, as dependents, do have some rights over their mother's body The mother-fetus relationship is unlike any other relationship between individuals. The fetus is, without choice or by chance, dependent on its mother for sustenance and life. The mother has unique responsibilities toward the fetus in this relationship, and so, yes, a fetus has some unique rights over its mother. Abortion is a form of eugenics and mass murder Norman Haire, letter to the editor, Birth Control Review, (July, 1930) - "For those who cannot be educated, sterilization or legalized abortion seems to be the only remedy, for we certainly do not want such stupid people to pollute the race with stupid offspring. The defective conditions of life call urgently for improvement." You can't get pregnant or contract an STD if your not having sex outside of marriage. Well, that's totally goofy and wrong. Married women get pregnant all the time. (Oh and here's a total shocker: not all married women want to get pregnant.) And of course if your spouse has an STD and you have sex with your spouse, you can catch it.Nor does abstinence "provide 100% protection against STDs and pregnancy," since rape and child molestation do happen.And finally, there are a great many "questions when it comes to abortion" -- including the safety and wellbeing of the woman, the privacy of family decisions, the right to bodily autonomy, the state's interest in the life and health of its citizens, the relative value that should be placed on the life of the developing being, and the stage of development at which such value should attach or be assessed -- just to name a few off the cuff. Actually, you can contract an STD not having sex outside of marriage. Or, to avoid the double negative, having sex strictly with your spouse. It takes TWO people to make sex. So, you not having sex outside of marriage doesn't necessitate that he/she will as well. It would require both parties abstain to attain the "high sexual standards" you propose setting. What are our current sexual standards by comparison? As far as abortion goes, there are clearly differing opinions on when life begins. As such, let doctors inform the law on when defining characteristics appear, and let women make the choice on moral judgement. If you and your spouse have no STDs and you have sex with no one else how could you possible get an STD apart from a mishap at the doctors? The only safe sex is that in a monogamous marriage. there is no question to when life begins: it's life throughout. The question is what kind of life?So, if I make the choice to kill my neighbor using my own moral judgment; it's ok? If you and your spouse have no STDs and you have sex with no one else how could you possible get an STD apart from a mishap at the doctors?1. kissing your mom during a herpes outbreak, then making oral with your spouse. 2. a bar fight 3. eating an infected chimp you didn't cook long enough with an open soar in your mouth4. forgetting to cover a public toilet seat after someone with an outbreak on their thighs forgot to put the cover on a public toilet seatProbably many more.But that's not the point. The point is people have been having sex with or without protection for hundreds of thousands of years, and they're not about to stop now no matter how hard you stuff your fingers in your ears and how loud you yell "LALALALALALA" with your eyes closed while stomping your feat and praying.keep trying though My point is you're forced to rely on your spouse having been a virgin prior to marriage as well. And you'll really only ever be 100% sure of your own sexual history. So really the only safe sex is to take a vow of abstinence. For life. There is certainly question to when life begins. You say it's life throughout. What marks the beginning stage then? The question is not what kind of life. What does that even mean? And of course it's not ok to kill your neighbor. Nice try. Your neighbor is a fully grown person, and does not live inside of you for 9 months. Considering that a fetus lives inside you (and if brought to term must be raised by you for 18 years), you have a little more say over it's existence. And, to paraphrase Obama, pregnant women tend to make the best choices on whether or not they are stable enough to raise children. I agree that we should have better access to contraception. We can certainly both agree that we should minimize numbers of abortions as possible. And access to contraception would certainly cut down on abortions. Sexual education about contraception is also key. Abstinence only does not work. Abstinence prior to marriage (both parties) and fidelity within marriage is the safest sexual practice period. That's the ideal anything less than that is a degradation.On the beginning of life; According to the text book definition of life both the egg and sperm are alive. At the point of conception you have a complete DNA and a different one from both parents. That's an accepted scientific fact that is not in question. The question is what kind of life? cat, dog or a chicken? Nope, humans produce humans. About killing your neighbor; So long as he is not fully grown I can kill him? So, if it's the neighbors kid who I have been raising for the past nine months since his parents abandoned him; it's OK to kill him if I determine that I'm no longer stable enough to raise him? and even more so if I raised him for the last 18yrs? Yeah right. Try that in a court of law.Why do you think we should reduce the number of abortions? Is it because you know in your heart of heart that it takes the life of a human being in the early stages of development?We are drowning in a sea of condoms and sex ed and it has increased the rate of abortion, not decreased it. Abstinence has not been tried and found wanting, but found hard and left untried. Come on let's set high standards for ourselves and our kids, not low ones. It is a degradation to you, perhaps. Others believe differently. Why should we legislate based on your moral beliefs? Let's face it, unmarried people have impulses, desires, etc. They are going to act on it. Wouldn't you rather they have the tools to prevent pregnancy than not have them? Perhaps I should have been more specific in my example. A baby grows inside of you. So technically, it is a part of you. A part of your body. You are not obliged to see it to term if you choose not to. This is why a ban on abortion would fail. We should reduce the number of abortions because it's a very heartbreaking decision for a woman to come to. No woman comes to it lightly. When someone decides to end the life inside her, it is because she knows that it is a better choice than condemning the chiild to a lifetime of unhappiness. Some come to it because they know they cannot overcome an addiction and thus cannot bring a healthy child to term. Others because they know they cannot financially support the child. Others because they live in abusive homes that they don't want to subject a child to. Whatever the reason, it's certainly not an easy choice to make. So providing resources for these women such as education and contraception, can make a world of difference. As for your last argument, what substantiates your claim? From the University of California study on abstinence only and comprehensive sex education: Behavior research cannot make judgments about social values, but it can evaluate the success of school-based curricula at producing tangible outcomes for young people. The weight of the evidence from peer-reviewed scientific journals clearly shows that some comprehensive sex education programs can reduce behavior that puts young people at risk of HIV, STIs and unintended pregnancy, and that these programs do not promote earlier onset of sexual activity or an increased number of sexual partners among adolescents. By contrast, little if any credible research exists to substantiate the claims that abstinence-only programming leads to positive behavior change among youth.The credible research sends a clear message to policy makers: if the goal of school-based sex education is to increase positive health outcomes for youth, comprehensive (or abstinence- plus) sex education is the proven effective choice. Abstinence-only programming runs the serious risk of leaving young people, especially those at elevated risk, uninformed and alienated. It's a degradation when it deviates from the purpose for which it was designed. A law should be based on what is right, not personal preference. I would prefer adults control their desires in order that society might function at its best. What if my desire wasn't sexual, let's say I have a strong desire to shoot people who make me mad. Should I act on it? You will say that hurts people and sex doesn't. Really, check out Ted Bundy's story sometime or the thousands of others like it. Consider child pornography, rape etc etc. Or maybe the sexual abuse of women doesn't bother you. Sex outside of it's proper context is always, in every situation, damaging and hurtful to both parties. And if you disagree you are numb to it's effect. However, if you don't have sex you don't get pregnant. And you can't transmit sexually transmitted diseases without sexual contact. It's that simple. About that baby, it's not a part of you. It has it's own unique DNA. It's not yours, so it's not you. It is a unique and separate human being that you happen to be hosting. That is the undisputed consensus.about reducing the numbers of abortions: So if I make a heartbreaking decision after a heavy consideration to start killing all homeless people because they are sad, addicted, get beat up and we as a society can't support them anymore. It's OK because it was a hard decision? Yeah right, try that defense in a court of law. None of those reasons you give come close to proper justification for the taking of human life. A pregnancy is not the kids fault, but it is the parents responsibility. And kids should never get the death penalty because their parents don't want to take responsibility for them. The right thing to do is give them to someone who will. Have you ever had any success with something that you decided from the start that it would never work. Trouble is there are more voices telling kids to have sex than not. Suppose it was the other way around, what do you think would happen to all these problems? Go away? No, but they might return to the levels they were at prior to the sexual revolution. Abstinence only worked well in this country for awhile to curb these problems. And perfection is never a requirement for law. it's meant to reduce the numbers. Slow our stampede into social anarchy if you will. Ah, now we get to the core of your argument. Sex is a deviation if it's not for the purpose of child-making? So basically, sex is not for pleasure, only for babies? Gay sex is wrong, then? Or sex between infertile married couples? Laws should be based on protecting other people, not on morality. Just like drugs, gambling, and prostitution ought to be legal, so long as those activities do not hurt others. Your statement that "sex outside of it's proper context is always, in every situation, damaging and hurtful to both parties" is laughable. Many people enjoy sex before marriage and find it to be an enriching part of their relationships. Just because you don't doesn't mean they are wrong. What effect am I numb to? Orgasm? Hardly. "It is a uniue and separate human being that you happen to be hosting"--like a parasite? So you should be able to choose whether or not to play host for 9 months. Stop trying to relate my examples to murder. You and I both know the distinct differences between killing a group of cells that live within you and that you are ultimately responsible for and killing an independent person. You claim that adoption is the "only ethical choice" for parents who are unable to care for their children, but this distinctly ignores two of the possible reasons I gave for abortion. 1-Addicts cannot bring a healthy child to term, 2-Abused women cannot hide a pregnancy and then give a child up for adoption. It also assumes that there would be enough of a "market" for adopted children if abortion were suddenly banned. Rates of children being given up would sky rocket, but would rates of parents wanting to adopt also rise? Prohibition never works. Prohibition on alcohol didn't work. Prohibition on marijuana is not working. Prohibition on sex before marriage cannot and will not work. Prohibition fails. Period. Nobody is "telling kids to have sex". We're providing sexual education so that if they make that choice, they will be informed on how to be healthy and responsible. I can't believe you'd rather have them NOT be informed, on the logic that if they DON'T know how to have responsible sex that they'll simply choose not to have it. Did you bother reading the study I linked to? I'll reiterate the key points of their findings. 1-Comprehensive sex education DOES reduce rates of pregnancy and STD's, 2-Comprehensive sex education DOES NOT increase rates of teenage sexual activity, 3-Abstinence only education DOES NOT reduce rates of teenage sexual activity. So, basically, the findings were that people are going to have sex, and try as you might, we can't dictate YOUR morality to them. Tricky thing about morals, they're all relative. If people are going to have sex, and IF abstinence only education has been proven to be ineffective at reducing rates of sex or pregnancy or STD's, then why would we continue to stick to it? To appease your moral beliefs? Again, laws are not, contrary to your belief, about morals. They are about people. And so long as sex is consensual, nobody needs protecting from it. Except perhaps you, since you so obviously find offense in the act of love. I suggest this. Teach YOUR children your moral beliefs regarding sex. But for the sake of society, let's teach all children (including yours) what it means to be responsible with regards to sex. Just in case they fall off the high bar you've set for them. Wouldn't you rather they fall without HIV? Or an unwanted pregnancy? Sex is a deviation if it's not for the purpose of child-making? I never said it's sole purpose was procreation. The core question is one of anthropology; does man have a nature and is that nature fixed? You would apparently say no and that man gets to define that nature. Laws should be based on ethics, not morality. However if mans nature is not fixed there can't be law or morality. Because there is no way man ought to be and no norm from which to deviate from. Everything becomes a matter of personal preference and taste. Everyone does what is right in their own eyes. That is anarchy and society crumbles. Second paragraph: Never said there was no pleasure in it; just that their was a cost that is hidden from your eyes. I could never get you to drink poison if I was upfront about the effects. But if I kept that information from you and packaged it good enough; it wouldn't be hard Case in point; homosexuality. harmless? The average life expectancy for a gay male is 45yrs almost half of heterosexual males. There really needs to be more truth in advertising for the sexual revolution. It has brought freedom to no one; only bondage. Third paragraph: We get back to the real question don't we? What is it ? If it's not human than no justification is necessary. If it is human than no justification is sufficient. About the choice, you made it when you decided to have sex. That troublesome problem of procreation again. Fourth paragraph; there is that question again; what is it? just a group of cells or a human being in the early stages of life. If it's human, it's murder. hence the parallel. Fifth paragraph: The examples you give represent a very, very small percentage of abortions. The vast majority of abortions are preformed on healthy women and children. About adoption; me and my spouse are an infertile couple, we looked into adoption and guess what? there are long waiting list for domestic adoption simply because there are more couples than children due to the fact that over 1500 abortions are performed daily in this country. that's why most couples adopt from overseas. Sixth paragraph. If perfection is your standard then yes prohibition doesn't work. Prohibition does work, that's what every law is, a prohibition. It's sounds like you are arguing again for anarchy. To that I say; truth in advertising please. Nobody is "telling kids to have sex"Really, you just substantiated my previous claim to being numb. Sex is used to sell everything these days. Just go through the supermarket check-out and peruse the latest magazine covers. If you don't know what this does to the male mind and the way it victimizes women you are numb. About the choice and sex ed. I'd rather we told the kids the true cost of premarital sex. instead of lie to them. Oh yeah little Johny you can play with fire, just follow these simple steps and you'll be just fine and hey here is some firecrackers to make it more fun. Now let me show you how to make a really cool fire using gasoline. Come on! Let's help kids choose what is best for them, and it's not broken hearts, STDs, single motherhood and the whole list of other stuff that goes along with it. About the parallel with fire, in case you didn't know, passion burns. A fire not contained can destroy a whole forest. Don't believe me. Watch the interview Dr. Dobson did with Ted Bundy the night before his execution. I'll quote it for you from memory because it's burned in there:Dr Dobson: Ted, you once were an innocent little boy. How did you get here?Ted Bundy: Pornography. I was exposed to it as little boy and it became a passion that was never satisfied. The more I got the more wanted till I was killing women to get it. Just ask any man here who is here on sexual charges and he'll tell you the same thing. About the study; I don't dispute it. Of course it's failing that's my point. It's only logical that it would if you have a million people shouting, have sex and one small voice whispering, abstain. I doubt you did your homework and looked at the numbers for teen pregnancy and STDs before and after the sexual revolution. Abstinence is fail proof. You may fail to abstain but if you are abstaining you will never get pregnant. However contraception is not so. You can also fail to use it but if you use it, it can fail and you will get pregnant. It's that simple. Final thought; if morals are relative as you claim, why are you trying to push yours on me and why should I follow yours and not mine. Is it because you think there is an objective standard that people ought to follow and a way things ought to be. But that's just your personal preference isn't. If you really believed that morality was subjective you would go sit under a tree and talk to no one, but you don't. You try and persuade people that your view is the correct one, but why I ask? Abortion is more likely to wipe out the bad than the good This argument is based on the premise that poverty and conditions conducive to crime often correlate to those that seek abortions. Stephen Levitt of Freakonomics makes this argument. He contends that the 1973 Roe. v. Wade legalization of abortions led to the fall in crime rates in the 80s and 90s across the United States. The period of declining crime, he says, correlated to the period when those that were aborted might have otherwise become criminals in society as a result of their circumstances. So what then, is the "the purpose for which it was designed" if not procreation? Pleasure?! Say it's not so! I would say man has a nature and that it is fixed. And it is for this reason that I strongly believe in not banning abortions and I strongly believe that abstinence only education should be replaced by comprehensive sexual education. Because part of that fixed nature of man is that each of us has impulses and desires of a sexual nature. (And those impulses and desires are not wrong.) Acting upon them is not a matter of ethics or morality. I've never understood how sexual activity came under the morality umbrella to begin with. So long as it is consensual, there's no justification. We don't analyze other types of activity for their moral fiber. Do we talk about the morality of football? The morality of swimming? The morality of sleeping? Laws, as I stated earlier, should be based on the good of society, namely not causing harm to other people, while protecting each person's individual rights to do all things that do not cause harm to others. Ethics are not fixed, else we would all have identical ethical standards. How do you account for the differences if there is to be but one ideal? LoL at the sexual revolution bringing bondage. How is safe sex prior to marriage harmful to both parties, though? If you're responsible, no transmission of STD's, no unwanted pregnancies, what is the damage you speak of? As for the life expectancy of a gay man, consider this: homosexuals are 26 times more likely to die from suicide and 87 times more likely to die from murder than heterosexuals. Which says a lot about more about tolerance than it does about lifestyle. Nonetheless, your argument is moot anyway, because homosexuals do not choose to be homosexual. That's not a lifestyle choice, so it cannot be right or wrong. Would you say when you make a choice to walk barefoot you are also making the choice to host a ringworm inside of you? It's something that could be a consequence of that choice, but it's not a choice you've made. It's an effect. Similarly, impregnation is an effect of sex. Not a choice in and of itself. The choice ought to come prior to impregnation, when one can choose to prevent it through contraception. But sometimes it comes after. Nonetheless, it's up to the individual to make that choice. The examples I gave represent the reasons abortion ought to be accessible. I agree that it should not be used as birth control. I agree that we ought to reduce the number. I believe comprehensive sexual education with access to contraception is the best way to achieve that. You seem to think that just telling them not to do it and crossing our fingers is best. It's just...jaded. There are about 150,000 children up for adoption per year. I'm not sure how many adoptive couples. My point is, would adoptive couples be able to keep demand up for that many unwanted children were we to abolish abortion today? Again, let me specify. When I say "prohibition doesn't work" I mean prohibition of things that people recognize to be false laws. These would be laws regarding our bodies. Laws that tell us how we can use them (sex) and what we can put in them (drugs) do not work. People recognize the invalidity of these laws because they understand their bodies are ultimately theirs to do with what they please. Just go through the supermarket check-out and peruse the latest magazine covers. If you don't know what this does to the male mind and the way it victimizes women you are numb. Holy cow you've got to be joking! Victimizes women?! Let me start a new debate for this alone. Please visit it at Do_magazines_victimize_women I'm all for teaching kids what's best for them. And what's best for them are the tools to make the best decisions for themselves. And those decisions, like it or not, are ultimately up to them to make. It's naiive to believe that all it will take is a strong voice repetitively shouting the abstinence mantra in order to keep people from having premarital sex. Abstinence is fail proof. You may fail to abstain but if you are abstaining you will never get pregnant. However contraception is not so. You can also fail to use it but if you use it, it can fail and you will get pregnant. It's that simple. And this is a fine way to teach sexual education. I'm not against an abstinent-leaning program, but one that does not promote healthy sexual habits at all is dangerous. We've got to take into account those who will fail to abstain. Not doing so is heartless. As far as the Ted Bundy bit goes, I really see no bearing here. That's specifically regarding pornography, which I'd be glad to debate the merits of in another debate. Final thought:Morals are relative, which is all I'm trying to push on you. My only "push" is that you not push legislation on others based solely on your moral beliefs. No reply!? Instead I get a downvote? On a full-page essay on the topic? That's kind of, how do you say, ah-yes, bullshit. But alas...such are the ways of CreateDebate I suppose. Well we've covered a lot of ground. Let me see if I can tie it all together for you; knowing that there is a difference between proof and persuasion. What do abortion, premarital sex, homosexuality, pornography(including soft porn, the kind found in supermarket checkout lanes) and Ted Bundy all have in common? What is the one unifying thread that ties them all together? They all devalue human life by reducing it to something less than what it is. You agree that man has a nature and it is fixed. Therefore there is a way in which mankind ought to function. A deviation from that norm is therefore dehumanizing. Let me explain. Abortion; Renders the human a non-human and therefore it can be disposed of when an individual doesn't want it.Premarital sex: views other people as objects to be used for ones own personal pleasure and then discarded when no longer wanted. Homosexuality: An expression of self love. Using another person to express ones love of self and then discarding that person when they no longer please you. Pornography: The portrayal of people as objects of sexual fulfillment. People are viewed as objects to be used for personal pleasure and then discarded when you are done with them. Soft porn: does the same as pornography but in a more subtle form; very deceiving since it appears harmless.Ted Bundy; Became convinced through pornography that people were something that you used to bring pleasure to yourself and then disposed of . Do you see the pattern. reduce the person to an object to be used, use the person and then discard them. At the core of everyone of these is love of self. Use other people to get what I want and when I'm done with them I move on.Does the idea of using people like objects bother you at all? It does me. That's why I oppose all these things. Final thoughts:football does have morality as do all sports, it's called the rules of the game. There's a way you play that makes it football and a way that makes it no longer football. Pragmatism is is a poor method for law since it has no way of telling what the good is. Also do a word study on the etymology of the word ethic and tell me what you come up with. Because I may be mistaken but I thought ethics (ethos) were fixed standards and morality (mores)were changing standards. Giving ones self over to passion is to be ruled by passion and no longer reason; that's bondage to be controlled by your emotions and not your mind. If homosexuals don't choose to be that way, why then can so many walk away from that lifestyle and never go back. Their high suicide rate is because of people like you who tell them they can't change when they really want to. That leads to depression and eventually suicide. That's not a very loving thing to do.On moral relativism; if that's true then it's just your personal preference and why should I like what you do. About legislation: what else do you base law on other than what you believe to be right. But why is it OK to base them on your morals and not mine?I think the state should remain neutral on sex ed. After all it is the parents responsibility, not the states. Because when the state does it, they are pushing their morality on others who don't agree with it and using my money to do it. And that is wrong. About Abortion legislation, which this debate is all about. The state has already ruled on this issue, murder is illegal and should be. Roe vs Wade simply stripped a whole class of people protection under that law and denied them rights we all enjoy. So again the question on abortion is; what is it? If it's not human, no justification is necessary. If it is human than no justification is adequate. So I say, it ain't a chicken. Humans produce humans. Therefore no reason you gave for abortion is adequate. Also I like the idea of your debate; I'll be sure to weigh in on it when I get a chance. Abortion: Gives a mother a choice in carrying a life form for 9 months and then raising it for the rest of her life. Renders the human a non-human and therefore it can be disposed of when an individual doesn't want it. It cannot be disposed of when an individual doesn't want it. Only within a set time frame during which it has not become a person. Premarital sex: Sex that occurs before marriage. views other people as objects to be used for ones own personal pleasure and then discarded when no longer wanted. Generally I think of premarital sex as occurring within a relationship. If you're talking about casual, random sex, then your argument may hold some weight. But in the context of a relationship, there is a lot more at stake than personal pleasure via sex. Homosexuality: Sexual desire for those of the same sex. An expression of self love. Using another person to express ones love of self and then discarding that person when they no longer please you. Wait....whaT? Where exactly are you getting this? Pornography: Sexual media that satisfies urges of those who cannot get laid as often as they'd like. The portrayal of people as objects of sexual fulfillment. People are viewed as objects to be used for personal pleasure and then discarded when you are done with them. Hustler is viewed as an object for personal pleasure to be discarded. Not the people themselves. Soft porn: Sexy people doing sexy thingsTed Bundy: Serial killer Became convinced through pornography that people were something that you used to bring pleasure to yourself and then disposed of . Turned to violent sexuality (more often detective books portraying sexual violence than pornography) after an inability to relate to humanity. I'm skipping around on your other arguments because I'm not in the mood for an essay, so bear with me. Find me the "so many" homosexuals who can walk away from the lifestyle and never go back and I'll find you a group of people who have lied to themselves to make society happy. Laws should be based on the good of society, not on your morals. About sex ed, you're naive if you think we can leave it to the hands of the parents. You may be a responsible parent who plans to teach your children about sex, but many are not. We owe a responsibility to every child to give them the tools necessary to make the right choices when the time comes. Whether that's abstention or contraception, only they can make that choice. Alas, I think I'm a little spent on this topic. I've had this in my argument activity for weeks but I've been reluctant to write back because it's gone all over the place. If you want to debate any of the non-abortion arguments we've been discussing, let's create a new debate, because this long argument full of fifty mini-arguments is just confusing. The central theme running through your response is sex; all these issues revolve around that central theme. The question seems to be one of teleology; what is it for, how should we use it and how do we deal with it's consequences.As we, as a culture, remove the boundaries of sexual conduct and blur the distinctions it begins to have serious consequences we don't immediately recognize. The logical out working of the sexual revolution may be missed by those who advocate for it, but it is not missed by the youth. They are looking to us as adults to clue them in on how the world works and we are sending them a clear message about sex. While we sit here and debate these issues and argue that it doesn't hurt anyone and kid ourselves into thinking we are liberating ourselves; we find our children living in fear and bondage to sexual harassment at school. Girls are primarily the target and their grades suffer because of it.The sexual revolution has liberated no one; it has only dragged thousands into bondage and slowly ate away at a once great nation. You need to really think hard about the ramifications of what you are arguing for. Because you may not see the cost but that doesn't mean there isn't one.If we as a nation are to avoid going the way of the Roman Empire we need to restore the boundaries of sexual conduct. Our streets are flooded with sexual perversion because we have removed all limitations to sexual expression. The last limitation that remains is "age of consent" and that is being vigorously attacked. The only safe place of expression for sex is within the context of a life long heterosexual marriage. But we have told the youth otherwise; so are we surprised by the way they conduct themselves in school among classmates of the opposite sex. We don't need to be telling kids to use a condom if they want to sexually express themselves. We should be telling them that sexual expression is only appropriate within the context of a life long heterosexual marriage. Are we so foolish as a people to think that this is the first time in history a people has moved in this direction? They indeed have and the results are always devastating. Why should we think they will be any different for us."Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it."-Edmund Burke (1729-1797) Ok, the central theme thing is completely unfair, considering you were the one who originally argued about porn, Ted Bundy, premarital sex, and the like. I merely countered your argument. So in reality your central theme seems to be sex. I won't disagree with your argument entirely. There are certainly a number of drawbacks to the sexual revolution. Namely in terms of the feminist revolution. We've taken a number of steps backwards in some inane desire to please men. The "playboy effect" is a very negative behavior that has resulted from the sexual revolution. This does not mean that the sexual revolution was all bad or that sex outside of marriage is bad. It's quite a jump to say that sex is only ok in a lifelong heterosexual marriage except for religious reasons. From a religious context, sure, it makes perfect sense, but outside of that it does not. For one, "lifelong" partnerships sometimes don't last a lifetime. For another, people are biologically programmed to sexual desires. Sex is a very fulfilling part of a serious, committed relationship, and I stand by my statement that there is nothing wrong with that. Furthermore, you entirely ignored my desire to quit debating non-abortion related issues within this debate. If you'd like to debate some other topic, let's start a new debate. (please and thank you) OK I agree about a new debate; any ideas?I do think I need to clarify something however and then I'll leave it at that.Sex with in the context of a lifelong heterosexual marriage is the ideal and proper function of sex. Any form of sexuality outside of that is dysfunctional and causes problems. As with anything when it is not used properly.I raised the issues of porn, Ted Bundy, premarital sex, and the like as case studies of this principle. All of these are sexual expression outside of the proper context of sex and all of them cause problems; hence why I would classify them as dysfunctions. What does all this have to do with the abortion question? The fact that there is such a thing as this debate about abortion proves there is a problem. No problem, no debate. So here is the problem as I see it. Married couples don't have abortions. So who does then? those expressing themselves sexually outside the context of marriage. If this causes a problem (abortion) than we must say something is dysfunctional or unhealthy. We can't say it is the sexual act because that alone doesn't always cause problems. It has to be the context in which it occurs. Because sexual expression in one way is without problems and in another it causes problems. Or to put it another way; one is a healthy expression and the other is unhealthy. So to sum it all up; You will know whether something is healthy or dysfunctional by the fruit it produces. All the examples I gave including abortion are symptomatic (the fruit) of an underlying problem; sex outside it's proper context. But this does highlight a problem we in our culture suffer from. We have forgotten the principle of sowing and reaping. When you plant a tree you don't immediately get fruit, it takes time. So if we do something and don't immediately see bad results that doesn't mean there won't be any. It may take years before are actions bear fruit.So I hope you can see that I'm still debating the same issue. I'm going after the cause and not the symptom however. I also have been careful not to argue from religious reasons, although my convictions inform my reasons. So I would agree with you that people are biologically programmed to sexual desires and that sex is a very fulfilling part of a serious, committed relationship. But I would say, judging by the fruit, that there is a healthy and unhealthy expression of that sexuality. Maybe we could debate whether or not sex outside of marriage is unhealthy by looking at the fruit it produces. you're not arguing that abstinence doesn't provides 100% protection are you? it is 100%but that is just the first stephow does one implement abstinence upon any societyhow would you do it in Americawould yah say "just say 'no' " You lead by setting a higher standard. That's what leaders do; take people were the don't want to go. It takes no leadership on my part to get the family to go to Disneyland. It does how ever to get them to save through out the year so at Christmas time they have something to give to those less fortunate. It is wrong to consider abortion a tool in crime prevention Stephen J. Dubner and Steven D. Levitt, from the essay Where Have All the Criminals Gone? Want to understand what made the crime rate drop in the 1990s? Look back to the Roe v. Wade decision in 1973 - "To discover that abortion was one of the greatest crime-lowering factors in American history is, needless to say, jarring. It feels less Darwinian than Swiftian; it calls to mind a long ago dart attributed to G. K. Chesterton: when there arent enough hats to go around, the problem isnt solved by lopping off some heads. The crime drop was, in the language of economists, an 'unintended benefit' of legalized abortion. But one need not oppose abortion on moral or religious grounds to feel shaken by the notion of a private sadness being converted into a public good." Actually, depending on what is allowed in "abstinence", it may not. Oral sex, for instance, can transmit STD's, and many abstinent teens turn to oral sex as a way to satisfy their sexual desires. I'm arguing that sexual desires are natural. It's easy to succumb to those desires and so abstinence-only education is weak. It ignores the fact that some people will CHOOSE not to remain abstinent. And that these people deserve facts on having safe sex. And furthermore, that if we made contraception more widely available to those who choose not to be abstinent, we can drastically cut down on the numbers of abortions. Abstinence means to abstain. You can't get pregnant if you're not having sex and STDs are called that because they are sexually transmitted; no sex, no transmission. About desire, we all got them and we all have an assortment of them. The difference between children and adults is that adults learn to control them. Children act on every desire; if adults did that, society would not be possible. So what I hear you saying is that we should never grow up. Hey kids will be kids, right? Come on. Let's raise the bar and actually expect kids to grow up.Also, giving condoms is giving permission. You may be self deluded, but the kids get the message loud and clear. Sex outside of marriage goes through the roof with this approach and so does all the other problems associated with it. What I hear you saying is that it's best to create 100 problems to solve 1 problem. I'm sorry but that's what I call moral confusion. Final thought, Kids rise to the occasion when you challenge them. Yes, some will fail. But better to loose a 100 than 10000. And the converse is also true. Set a low standard and kids will meet it. That's because they are looking to adults for guidance. So, lets expect more out of kids and not less. yes - i agree that abstinence is 100% absolute protection but i still await your explanation of how you would enforce such a policy You don't nor should you. The government should remain neutral on this issue. It's the parent's responsibility, not the state's. We need to get sex ed out of public schools and give the choice of sex ed back to the parents were it belongs. And may the best idea win. Not if you get raped, attn Jstabtall:do you live in some kinda warped universe"Abstinence is the only practice that provides 100% protection against STDs and pregnancy, nothing else comes close."can you show me a culture or a time in human history where society has instituted functional, workable, effective abstinence policyyes - your proposal works in an ideal world were everyone has exactly the same thoughts and actions but that world does NOT exist Yes, I do. that's the problem. Why not strive for the ideal instead of settle for something less. "Over the past decade, the US federal government has heavily promoted programs that advocate sexual abstinence as the key strategy for dealing with adolescent sexuality, but studies are demonstrating that the approach has little impact on teen sexual behavior or in preventing pregnancy or sexually transmitted diseases (STDs)" Guess it depends on who's study you read and how they ask the questions. The CDC tells a different story. STD means sexually transmitted and if your not having sex (any kind of sexual contact) you're not transmitting; It's that simple. Ask the CDC what they do in an outbreak, quarantine. Why do hospitals not allow children visitors during flu season? Why are you advised to stay at home when sick? Please tell me why this approach works for all diseases except sexually transmitted ones? No, of course abortions should not be banned for you would have them anyway regardless of safety, funding or anything else that might get in the way. We would be back in the days of the butcher shops and that wouldn't be good for anyone. Abortion is not a trivial matter and is one that must be thought out thoroughly by the person or persons involved. I wouldn't like to see us take such a serious step lightly nor would I like to see us take a step backwards in time. Poor women are disproportionately deprived choice when abortion is illegal. Poor woman are most susceptible to circumstances in which abortion is necessary. If abortion is illegal, therefore, this socio-economic group will be disproportionately affected. So you would say that it is better that 45 million + children die through abortion than a handful of women through a botched abortion. That doesn't sound like progress to me: That sounds like serious moral confusion. Go check out the stats on abortion rates through out the years and you will see a staggering peak after Roe vs Wade.And yes, we would still have abortions, they would just be a whole lot fewer of them. Again, check out the stats on abortion rates before and after Roe vs Wade. This is flawed logic. By your logic nothing should be illegal because people do it anyway. Why make cocain illegal, people do it anyway? I understand what you mean and perhaps I should have worded it differently but I remember the times before Roe v. Wade where women would have abotions regardless of peril to their own lives! That's what I meant. interesting that in the eight years of Bush and the years of Republican controlled Congress and era of conservative judges that th 1973 Roe versus Wad has not been overturnedalthough they claim to be Christian fundamentalist, they too have a use for abortions ... it not just Democrats that go to Planned Parenthood and private doctors for pregnancy terminations Abortion is aw right that should be based solely on the woman's decision. There is no reason for abortion to be banned, and in fact, that is restricting the rights of women by not allowing them to have abortions. Also, think of those who have been raped and sexually abused and have no choice but to bear the child of a person who did such horrible things to them. An abortion is the only way to escape raising something that would always remind that person of something horrible in their life. So the woman's decision means killing a child, and that should be ok?How is the fact that the child was conceived through rape, the childs fault? Would you treat this child different after it was born? So, why treat it any different before?Finally, abortion is NOT the only way to escape raising a child that would remind that person of something horrible. They can put the child up for adoption. There are thousands of families waiting. No, wit does not mean killing a child. It means killing a zygote that has no conscious thought. Arguments against abortion use scare tactics like killing cute babies in their mother's arms. This is not what abortion is. Abortion is an escape route for people who have no other choice but to not have a baby. You Kamranw forget the situation of the mother's death. Also, yes a child that was born because of a traumatic indecent such as rape would be treated differently. Also, what about the mother's career or in some cases the mother's education. Should that be ruined because of the inability for this escape. Help me with something here, are you saying that a career and education are more important than the life of a child? Also, were you ever a zygote that had no conscious though? Than you would have to agree that if your mother had an abortion it would've killed you, not something else, but you. Aren't you glad your mother put your life before hers? A mothers career should be a factor in a childs life? And yes, it is a life. You were once under 10 weeks old in your mothers womb as well. Let me rephrase, would you justify a child being treated poorly and judged differently because their mother was raped? If you go to your local crisis pregnancy center and ask about adoption they will provide information and if you choose adoption they will lead you through the process. Abortion disproportionately affects the African American community After a woman has an abortion, her initial response in most cases is a feeling of relief. Then, with repression and denial, she avoids the problem, usually for years 5 years is common, 10 or 20 not unusual. Guilt, regret, remorse, shame, lowered self-esteem, dreams and nightmares, flash-backs, anniversary reactions, hostility toward men, crying, despair, and even suicide attempts are symptoms of Post-Abortion Syndrome. Many women turn to drugs and alcohol as a way of masking the pain. Anniversary reactions are an increase in symptoms around the time of the anniversary of the abortion, the due date of the aborted child, or both. Again I must say that only 1% of all abortions are performed because the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest. Women rarely become pregnant if they are raped. As much as I'm against it and think what a horrible feeling and decision that must be for the women, abortion should not be banned altogether. We would go back to the dark ages where doctors and their patients would have "back alley abortions". 3rd trimester should be illegal that's just wrong. It is a very hard topic that I struggle with. Ultimately the choice lies within the women. But what a awful one to make, they will live with it for the rest of their life. Abortion should not be banned. Pregnant women would still find a way to abort children, and thereby risk dangerous methods, or suspect "doctors", as seen in other countries. Freedom entitles you to do whatever you want with your body, and by that I mean until a new human is complete. Only 1% of all abortions in the United States are a result of rape or incest. Even if you were raped it still the killing of a living human being...still wrong. What I don't get is people pay to kill their OWN children. They are paying to murder an innosent child. Those people are murderers!! They are killers!! And if they have an abortion more than once it is like they are serial killers!! Ive had over 10 abortions! Mwaaa ha ha ha ha haYou are retarded, I just want to throw that in. I feel sorry for you. I hope you will realize the evilness of your abortions. I do to...you need to pray to God and realize that that is wrong. you are the kind of people i pray for. That abortions may harm poor women does not affect principal case against it. Kristin Luker, Dubious Conceptions (1996) - "..The fact that only poor women are denied reproductive freedom when abortions are illegal is unpersuasive to those who oppose abortion on moral grounds." Hey girl you have just lost the argument, there is not evidence, no perswation in your "article". all you did was attack another person's ethos. I feel sorry that you have had so many abortions. Perhaps its time to switch your birth control. Pro-life militant groups act violently in opposition to abortion. Many pro-life activists act violently in opposition to abortion. There are many examples of the bombing of Planned Parenthood abortion clinics and the harassment of abortion workers. This is wrong, and undermines the case against abortion. Pro-lifers are justified in showing gruesome images of abortions These images reflect the reality of what is being done with abortions. They are, therefore, appropriate to show, lest we believe that it is better for women to be ignorant of the reality when they are confronted with the choice of having an abortion. Abortion might forestall the potential birth of another Hitler. This is a counter-argument to the notion that abortion could have wiped out some of the greatest social contributors in history; it also could have wiped out some of the worst individuals in history. If a fetus was defined as a "person", the legal shifts would be too dramatic No abortions would be permitted for any reason, including rape or incest. Each miscarriage would have to be investigated. The legal consequences of such an amendment would be massive. Anti-abortion activists love babies but deprive poor children Abortion is important to reducing over-population globally Illegalizing abortion will lead to more children having children. Every child should be a wanted child Abortion forestalls the potential societal contributions of a human being It may even wipe out the life of an individual that could have resolved, for example, the Middle East crisis or cured cancer. Abortions are often chosen by minors or young adults with immature judgment: Abortion undermines the dignity of life, promotes violence. Mother Teresa of Calcutta, Missionary and Founder of the Order of the Missionaries of Charity. Nobel Prize for Peace in 1979. - "If we accept that a mother can kill even her own child, how can we tell other people to not kill each other? Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love, but to use any violence to get what they want." Pro-abortionists dehumanize "fetuses" to get away with murder Frederica Matthewes-Green, "Personhood of the Unborn", on National Public Radio's All Things Considered, (January 21, 1998) - "When we question whether someone is a person, it is because we want to kill him. We do this with our enemies in wartime, or with anyone we would like to enslave or exploit. Before we can feel comfortable treating others this way, we have to expel them from the human community. But there's just no logical reason to expel the unborn." Judaism holds that life begins at birth and abortion is not murder God exists in the unborn as in the born Christian leaders throughout history have been opposed to abortion Christianity holds that a human life is a human life and taking a human life that does not pose an imminent threat to yours is wrong, outside of legitimate war and capital punishment. Judaism and the Torah uphold life against abortion The right to abort does not depend on its explicit constitutional provision Sarah Weddington, the lawyer who argued Roe v. Wade, "A Delicate Decision", Westchester County Weekly, (January 22, 1998) - "The word 'privacy' does not appear in the Constitution. Then again, neither does 'travel.' But if you were to ask any American, 'Do you have the right to travel where and when you like?' they'd say 'yes.' And the Supreme Court has upheld this right." The US Constitution does not explicitly confer a right to abortion Byron White, U.S. Supreme Court, one of two dissenters in Roe v. Wade, (January 22, 1973) - "I find nothing in the language or history of the Constitution to support the court's judgment. The court simply fashions and announces a new constitutional right for pregnant mothers and, with scarcely any reason or authority for its action, invests that right with sufficient substance to override most existing state abortion statutes." Pro-choice uphold democratic principles of free choice. America was founded upon the principles of freedom of religion. As a fetus cannot exist independently from its mother, it is the woman's extremely personal decision that must remain between herself,and her higher power. Just as churches cannot be forced to marry homosexuals, other citizens cannot determine what is indeed a religious decision on the part of a female. Abortion has been opposed by important figures throughout history Synod of Ancyra canon XXI, circa 314 - "Concerning women who commit fornication, and destroy that which they have conceived, or who are employed in making drugs for abortion, a former decree excluded them until the hour of death, and to this some have assented. Nevertheless, being desirous to use somewhat greater lenity, we have ordained that they fulfill ten years [of penance], according to the prescribed degrees." Abortion has a tenuous history of support in the USA Canada allows for abortions on demand. Abortion deprives a fetus of an entire human future: Some argue that abortion is wrong because it deprives the embryo of a valuable future. Indeed, killing any human being is wrong because it deprives the victim of a valuable future: any experiences, activities, projects, and enjoyments that they would have enjoyed. Abortion is particularly egregious because it deprives a fetus of all experiences as a human being. In Nicaragua abortions are always illegal. Abortion Access Project California Abortion &amp; Reproductive Rights Action League Catholics for a Free Choice List - Pro-Choice Women's PAC National Abortion Federation NARAL: Pro-Choice America National Organization for Women (NOW): Abortion Physicians for Reproductive Choice &amp; Health Planned Parenthood Population Council Pro-Choice Libertarians Refuse &amp; Resist: Abortion on Demand &amp; Without Apology! Republicans for Choice Republican Pro-Choice Coalition Voters For Choice The WISH List Zero Population Growth American Life League Catholics United for Life Democrats for Life Feminists for Life Jews for Life Libertarians for Life LifeLinks National Coalition for Life and Peace National Right to Life Operation Save America Priests for Life Pro-Life Alliance of Gays &amp; Lesbians Pro-Life America Republican National Coalition for Life Reformers for Life Assembly Roe v Wade.org Susan B. Anthony List Ultimate Pro-Life Resource Page Women and Children First The majority of Americans oppose abortions "Barb's ProChoice Testimony - Silent No More". Posted on YouTube on May 18th, 2007 "Choosing Life For Her Baby - A Pro-life, Anti-Abortion Video". Posted on YouTube April 19th, 2007 "Pro-life Anti-Abortion Video: Development of the Unborn Baby". Posted on YouTube July 27th, 2009 Murray, John Courtney. "Contraception, and the 'Liberal Catholic' Justification for Abortion". The Church and the Liberal Tradition. [this article needs to be read and quotes drawn from it] Thomson, Judith Jarvis . "A Defense of Abortion". Philosophy &amp; Public Affairs, Vol. 1, no. 1 (Fall 1971). The standard process of partial birth abortion is an unnecessarily violent process that breaks from the normative treatment of life forms. The procedure involves sticking a pair of scissors into a babys brain, enlarging the hole, sucking the brain out with a catheter and then crushing the skull. This is a violent procedure that involves a substantial degree of destructiveness, which many believe to be excessive and and grotesque. Even if the "killing" of the fetus were to be justified, many argue that the means of doing so could be more "civilized" and less violently destructive. A process that simply involved the piercing of the brain, but not the removal of the brain and crushing of the skull, for example, could be argued as less destructive and thus more "civilized". If it is countered that this analogy is not appropriate because fetuses should not be considered on an equal basis as those subject to capital punishment, a number of considerations should be made against this position. First, those that are subject to capital punishment are often murderers or extreme offenders. Should these citizens be regarded more highly, and more worthy of decency than an unborn fetus? Maybe not. First, an unborn fetus has often taken on most aspects of human form, nearing "viability", meaning that it shares most of the human characteristics held by a fully grown human criminal. Second, both an unborn fetus and a convicted criminal share the fact that they lack the full rights assigned to regular citizens. On this basis, it may be appropriate to conclude that a unborn fetus and a convicted death-row criminal should be treated with a similar level of decency. Given that most liberal democracies prohibit violent forms of capital punishment, it may then follow that liberal democracies (and others) should prohibit the common methods of partial birth abortions on the grounds that they are excessively violent. If it is countered that this analogy is not appropriate because fetuses should not be considered on an equal basis as those subject to capital punishment, a number of considerations should be made against this position. First, those that are subject to capital punishment are often murderers or extreme offenders. Should these citizens be regarded more highly, and more worthy of decency than an unborn fetus? Maybe not. First, an unborn fetus has often taken on most aspects of human form, nearing "viability", meaning that it shares most of the human characteristics held by a fully grown human criminal. Second, both an unborn fetus and a convicted criminal share the fact that they lack the full rights assigned to regular citizens. On this basis, it may be appropriate to conclude that a unborn fetus and a convicted death-row criminal should be treated with a similar level of decency. Given that most liberal democracies prohibit violent forms of capital punishment, it may then follow that liberal democracies (and others) should prohibit the common methods of partial birth abortions on the grounds that they are excessively violent. The fetus can feel pain, thus making the processes used in partial birth abortion barbarous. There is little doubt among doctors and others that the fetus experiences pain during a partial birth abortion procedure. The unborn are voiceless and should be protected against abortion Ronald Reagan. New York Times. September 22nd. 1980 - "I've noticed that everybody that is for abortion has already been born." In other words, the unborn would all be against abortion, but, of course, they can't express their opinion as for/against abortion. It is important to protect such a voiceless minority in society. The collapsing of the skull of the "partially born" fetus is necessary to prevent pain and the risk of damage to the woman. The head is the largest single part of a fetus, and is the most difficult to pass. Similar to giving birth, the passing of the head often causes excruciating pain, struggle, and sometimes damage to the Cervix and Vagina. Collapsing the skull eliminates these risks. As such, it can be argued that the collapsing of the skull of the unborn head of the fetus is a "civilized" measure in the way that it protects the mother from harm or the risk of harm. In other words, the infliction of pain and destruction on the fetus may be canceled out by the reduction in the pain and risk of permanent damage to the woman. It is also arguable that it is the women's right to protect herself from the pain alone, irrespective of whether there are any serious long-term health risks that might result from passing the intact head of an unborn child. A ban on partial birth abortions would stop other even more "gruesome" forms of late term abortions. The primary alternative to partial birth abortion is the dismemberment and removal, in parts (legs, arms, head, torso), of an unborn fetus while inside the mother's womb. This may be more "gruesome" than a partial birth abortion. A ban on partial birth abortion would not eliminate this primary alternative to partial birth abortion. Neither would it necessarily reduce the number of overall late term abortions being performed. This only goes toward pointing out that a partial birth abortion ban, in isolation, would not necessarily reduce the "gruesomeness" of the late term abortion procedures being performed. One cannot kill a child who is more than half born to advance the mother's health instead of simply completing a live delivery. - The US Conference of Catholic Bishops. Banning partial birth abortion does not eliminate a woman's right to choose methods to prevent their impregnation or abort at an earlier stage. There are dozens of forms of birth control, pregnancy detection, and early-term abortion options that women have the "right" to choose from that can prevent the need or desire to have a late term abortion such as partial birth abortion. The widespread availability of birth control options provide women with a sufficient "choice" to determine the future of their bodies. The options include, abstinence, condom and profalactics, birth-control pills, morning-after or plan B pills. If a woman does not want to get pregnant, she is free to choose these options of birth control, which - if used responsibly - have a high probability of preventing impregnation (Abstinence is 100% effective). Therefore, unintentional impregnation has a high correlation with the irresponsible or even negligent use or avoidance of birth control methods. As such, women are provided the right to choose to act responsibly in protecting their bodies from impregnation in the first place. Therefore, a ban on partial birth abortion may not deprive women of the right choose to take the initial, responsible steps in protecting against uninented impregnation. This may be a sufficient provision to women of the "right to choose" to adopt measures that will help them control the future of their bodies. Any additional provisions, such as partial birth abortion, may be redundant and excessive. Pregnancy detection methods and first term abortion options may also be sufficient provisions to women of the means to "choose" to determine the future of their bodies. If the above prevention methods fail, there are many other means made widely available to women, which can enable them to determine that they are pregnant in the first trimester. As such, these measures may provide women with sufficient means to make a responsible "choice" to abort in the first trimester, instead of opting for a late-term abortion such as a partial birth abortion. It is arguable that a government should not be responsible for providing additional measures to a woman, and that any woman that misses these provisions has acted irresponsibly or negligently, and subsequently may not deserve further, later options, such as partial birth abortion. A blanket ban on partial birth abortions may make it impossible to save a woman's life in certain medical circumstances. Note: some bans on partial birth abortions, allow for them when it would save the life of the mother. A woman has the "right" to a partial birth abortion when it proven as necessary in preserving the her health. Certain medical conditions of the baby or mother that threaten the mother's health or life may develop later in a pregnancy making late-term abortion justified as a way to protect the mother's health. These can include Heart failure Severe or uncontrollable diabetes Serious renal disease Uncontrollable hypertension (high blood pressure) Severe depression Severe deformities and genetic disorders Heart failure That the fetus may do harm to the mother cannot justify destroying it. Even when born, a child can inflict much more physical pain on the mother than he can on the womb, his destruction is still illegal. Other common logistical and/or personal reasons might exist that make a first trimester abortion infeasible, and which may provide a sufficient circumstance for a woman to seek a late, partial birth abortion. These may include: Lack of recognition of pregnancy symptoms in the first trimester, particularly by adolescents "Inability to afford a first trimester abortion" "Inability to locate medical assistance during first trimester (due to lack of local medical professionals)" "Lack of financial resources, emotional support, and/or partner" "Slippery-slope" argument that "once 'fetal rights' are granted to one stage of the pregnancy, nothing will prevent their extension to all stages", which is argued as going too far. The basic concern is that if certain "rights" are extended to an unborn fetus at any stage, that it would be difficult to then draw a clear line or threshold across which the "right" to an unborn fetus could not be extended. This basic slippery slope argument, in other words, indicates that abortion would have to either be always illegal or always legal, because all other intermediate laws would risk being arbitrary, and be incapable of permanency. Pro-choice advocates believe that the women's "right" to their own body is most important to preserve, and thus that it is best to fall on the side of extending full choice to the mother, and preserving the "right" to partial birth abortion. When abortion is illegal , many women die or suffer serious medical problems from either self-induced or illegal 'back-alley' abortions....Women streamed into emergency rooms with punctured wombs, massive bleeding, and rampant infections." - Ayn Rand Institute, 2003. An isolated ban on partial birth abortion would not impose "an undue burden on a woman's right to abortion because adequate alternatives are available.", according to US Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. She followed this statement with the assertion that that a ban on partial birth abortions "saves not a single fetus from destruction," emphasizing that a women would still have the right to choose a late term abortion. In this line of logic, the main reason for banning a partial birth abortion is not to save "life", but to prevent what is considered to be a barbarous and inhumane procedure. Justice Gin Partial-birth abortion is especially traumatizing for doctors. Partial-birth abortions are performed when fetal tissues are harder to dismember. Warren Hern, excerpted from his medical textbook Abortion Practice, J.B. Lippincott Company, 1984. - "The procedure changes significantly at 21 weeks because fetal tissues become much more cohesive and difficult to dismember." There are certain exceptional cases which have been cited as circumstantially appropriate for a partial birth abortion. Mother and/or family are impoverished and would not be able to support the new family entrant. One of the most common reasons why a poor woman seeks an abortion is that "she can not take care of herself and the children she has. Most of the pregnant women helped by the Women's Medical Fund have childrenmany with two or three, some with as many as 10. Another birth will draw the family deeper into poverty." This argument may equally apply to partial birth abortion. Even if it becomes increasingly "wrong" to kill a more and more developed fetus, a partial birth abortion may nevertheless be justified on the basis that the benefits (or foregone pain) to the larger family unit outweighs the costs (or pain and lost life opportunity) to the single fetus. A poor woman may also be more susceptible to late abortions for a variety of reasons. Poverty may decrease the availability of certain resources that make it possible for a woman to "choose" to prevent impregnation, discover that she is pregnant, and or seek a first term abortion. This might make it unreasonable to deny poor women the ability to seek third-term partial birth abortions. The following is a list of the conditions that may make a poor woman unable to "choose" anything but a late, partial birth abortion. She may lack: Access to condoms and other birth control resources: Access to pregnancy testing kits. Access to information which would make it clear that she is eligible to seek an abortion, and where and how to do so. Homeless women: Women may seek to abort having the child of a batterer. A common reason for seeking abortions is that a woman is battered by her husband or boyfriend, and does not want to bear the child of the batterer. A scenario can arise that may go specifically toward justifying a partial birth abortion, in which a woman begins to be battered only late into her pregnancy, when a partial birth abortion is one of the only options. In this case, while she may have been perfectly reasonable in seeking to become pregnant, the reasons for having a baby (ie starting a family) would have changed as the abuse began and as the appropriateness of starting a family fades away. As such, such a victim may be justified in pursuing a late, partial birth abortion. Responding to rape, a woman seeks and abortion. Impregnation from rape is one of the most commonly cited justifications for abortion, as the impregnation was completely involuntary on the part of the mother. Justifying partial birth abortions in these instances is largely an issue of timing. The main question is whether it is reasonable to expect that all woman act immediately upon their rape and impregnation by pursuing an abortion in the first term? It may be unreasonable, and a late, partial birth abortion may be appropriate, for the following reasons: Female rape victims may be physically prevented by the rapist from seeking an abortion in the first term. Some rape victims are sex slaves or kidnapped against their will. If only became possible for them to perform an abortion in the second or third term with a partial birth abortion, should they be deprived the right to do so? Having had no "choice" in the matter up to this point, it may be appropriate to extend the "choice" to abort with a partial birth abortion in such circumstances. Impregnated rape victims may be deterred from seeking an abortion at an early stage out of fear of reprisal from the rapist. Serious illnesses Women carrying defective fetuses Mother and/or family are impoverished and would not be able to support the new family entrant. One of the most common reasons why a poor woman seeks an abortion is that "she can not take care of herself and the children she has. Most of the pregnant women helped by the Women's Medical Fund have childrenmany with two or three, some with as many as 10. Another birth will draw the family deeper into poverty." This argument may equally apply to partial birth abortion. Even if it becomes increasingly "wrong" to kill a more and more developed fetus, a partial birth abortion may nevertheless be justified on the basis that the benefits (or foregone pain) to the larger family unit outweighs the costs (or pain and lost life opportunity) to the single fetus. A poor woman may also be more susceptible to late abortions for a variety of reasons. Poverty may decrease the availability of certain resources that make it possible for a woman to "choose" to prevent impregnation, discover that she is pregnant, and or seek a first term abortion. This might make it unreasonable to deny poor women the ability to seek third-term partial birth abortions. The following is a list of the conditions that may make a poor woman unable to "choose" anything but a late, partial birth abortion. She may lack: Access to condoms and other birth control resources: Access to pregnancy testing kits. Access to information which would make it clear that she is eligible to seek an abortion, and where and how to do so. Access to condoms and other birth control resources: Access to pregnancy testing kits. Access to information which would make it clear that she is eligible to seek an abortion, and where and how to do so. Female rape victims may be physically prevented by the rapist from seeking an abortion in the first term. Some rape victims are sex slaves or kidnapped against their will. If only became possible for them to perform an abortion in the second or third term with a partial birth abortion, should they be deprived the right to do so? Having had no "choice" in the matter up to this point, it may be appropriate to extend the "choice" to abort with a partial birth abortion in such circumstances. Impregnated rape victims may be deterred from seeking an abortion at an early stage out of fear of reprisal from the rapist. It is wrong to kill fetuses on the basis that they can't think/feel. On "the fetus cant think argument": Animal abuse, suicide and even cutting down a tree are frequently illegal on the basis that these things have some value and should not be destroyed, killed, or treated inhumanely. It has little to do with the degree of consciousness attained by a creature. If the destruction of any species with a significant value is illegal, what makes abortion any different? Generally, for those that believe that a human life and person is begun upon conception, and that that life-form has rights, it is always wrong to perform any form of abortion; partial birth abortion or other. "Unborn babies" that should have the same rights as born babies. The mother generally considers her fetus to be her "unborn baby", waiting to enter the world, assigning it equal value as a born baby. BalancedPolitics.org 3/17/07 - "When a pregnant women feels a kick in her belly, she doesn't say 'Oh, the fetus kicked' or 'Oh, the mass of cells that hasn't become a person kicked', she says 'The baby kicked.' Yes, after conception you have a real human being waiting to enter the world. Why should taking someone's life when they're in the womb be any different than taking their life when they're a baby in the crib?" The facts seem to bear-out the assertion that younger and poorer women are more likely to opt for partial birth abortions. About.com - "Statistics report that 12% of abortions are performed after 12 weeks (3 months) of gestation, and 1.5% are performed after 20 weeks (5 months)of gestation. Many attribute the steady decrease in the proportion of abortions performed after the first trimester to increased access to and knowledge about birth control practices and safe, legal abortion services. Women who have abortions after the first trimester are generally younger and poorer than the statistical average of all who have abortions. Women under 18 years old obtain 30% of their subgroup's abortions after the first trimester." Part of the mistake that a girl or woman might have made is not having used sex protection and/or not taking a pregnancy test and seeking an early, first term abortion. The argument here is that the provisions given to a woman should be as flexible as possible, affording her the "right" to make life-changing choices throughout the entire course of her pregnancy, and not locking her into an unwanted pregnancy after a certain point, as would be the case with a partial birth abortion ban. On an issue where great life-changing impact can occur from singular mistakes, and particularly when these mistakes are frequently made during an immature emotional period in a woman's life, it may be important for society to provide women with the benefit of the doubt and the flexibility to make major decisions throughout their pregnancy. National Abortion Rights Action League National That the Bible doesn't mention abortion. That the Bible says that life begins upon first breath. The story of Adam's creation in Genesis 2:7 is the primary quote used here, when God "breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul." That "thou shall not kill" is dependent on an interpretation of when life begins, which the Bible may indicates to only occur upon first breath. That the principle of "thou shall not kill" is consistently contradicted in the Bible with descriptions of God sanctioning seemingly arbitrary and mass killings. That God specifically sanctions the killing of babies in multiple narratives in the Bible, indicating that the Bible may not be "pro life" in the same way that many people interpret Jesus to have been pro-life. The story of Adam's creation in Genesis 2:7 is the primary quote used here, when God "breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul." The majority of Americans oppose late term abortions. Gallup Poll Question - Do you think abortion should generally be legal or generally illegal during the second three months of pregnancy? (65% said illegal in July of 1996, 69% said illegal in March of 2000, and 68% said illegal in January of 2003). Didn't the Catholic Church believe that life began at quickening and not conception at certain points in the past? The fact that the Church has changed it's views of "life" make me question the certainty of their views.The other question is why is this "sin" more important than all the others. If Catholics can't vote for Obama due to this why can they vote for McCain who is an adulterer? Why can they vote for someone who supports the war in Iraq when The Pope has said that the war is a defeat for humanity!I'm just looking for a little consistency. Surely a person that supports the war in Iraq does not value life if we take The Popes words into account in which he also made clear that the war is illegal and unjust. Fetuses are conscious in the womb and suffer during abortions Unborn babies have a certain level of consciousness in the womb. This is partly why mothers sometimes walk around with earphones on their stomachs. Irrespective of the level of consciousness of unborn babies, their central nervous system certainly affords them the ability to feel pain and suffer. For these reasons, they should not be aborted. Discussions of quickening or ensouling addressed the issue of when the soul entered the unborn child. Saint Augustine, without the aid of sonograms or the advances in embryology we have today, calculated that boys received their souls at 40 days after conception, girls at 90 days (apparently Speaker Pelosi's analysis of Augustine missed this point). However, the Church always viewed abortion as a great evil at any stage of pregnancy. Modern embryology now confirms what the Church knew all along --life begins at conception. That is a scientific fact, not a religious belief. At the moment of conception a human life has been created. That life may end before birth through miscarriage or abortion, but it was a human life. With regard to war, adultery and other types of sin, abortion and euthanasia are on their own level in relation to other transgressions. The intentional taking of innocent lives can never be approved by the Church. "Modern embryology now confirms what the Church knew all along --life begins at conception"This seems wrong on both counts. The Church did not know this all along, or they wouldn't have had the whole quickening thing. Second, sperm and eggs are living. The sperm is alive before conception so there is no "beginning" of life from non-life occurring. One could easily interpret the Bible in such away to believe that sperm and eggs have the same rights as fertilized eggs. After all, it's all based on the passage that God knew us before we were born."The intentional taking of innocent lives can never be approved by the Church."So a Catholic couldn't vote for McCain either? He intentionally supported a war that the Pope has said is immoral, illegal, and a threat to humanity. Surely a threat to humanity is on the same level as a abortion.btw, how does one determine which sins are greater than others? The quickening issue was discussed in the context of what penalty would be imposed on someone who caused a caused a woman to have a miscarriage, or in the case of an abortion. The penalty would be more severe if the quickening had taken place. However, there was never any doubt that the destruction of an unborn child at any stage was an act of evil.I do not understand what you are getting at regarding the sperm and egg. Human life does not begin until the two come together.I have searched the Vatican website and have found no statement by either Pope John Paul II or Pope Benedict XVI that the war in Iraq is "immoral, illegal, and a threat to humanity." That is not surprising in light of the fact that no such statement was ever made. John Paul II stated as his own personal opinion, and expressly not as Church doctrine, that he did not believe the invasion of Iraq was justified. The Church itself long ago developed the Just War theory because it acknowledged that under certain circumstances wars might have to be fought. Reasonable people could disagree as to when those circumstances existed, and Catholics have disagreed about the Iraq War. However, the Church has never stated as a matter of doctrine that the War in Iraq was not a Just War.The Church, through its teaching authority, talks about a hierarchy of sins. Since we are talking about abortion and war, lets look at some numbers. Since Roe v. Wade was decided 35 years ago, there have been approximately 50 million abortions in the United States alone. Are you aware of any war, anywhere in the world, where that many innocent lives were destroyed in the last 35 years? "Human life does not begin until the two come together."In your opinion. Regarding the war in Iraq. ,2933,80875,00.html"Just War theory because it acknowledged that under certain circumstances wars might have to be fought."Any honest reading of the Just War theory makes it clear that Iraq is an unjust war. "John Paul II stated as his own personal opinion, and expressly not as Church doctrine, that he did not believe the invasion of Iraq was justified."And you believe that your opinion of the war from a Catholic perspective is more relevant than the Pope's? How does one distinguish the Pope's personal opinions from those that are binding? What makes them substantially different?Let's throw out another comparison. Can a Catholic vote for a politician that supports the death penalty? Does the Church have an official stance on the death penalty? Lastly, I don't think your comparison of 35 years of abortion to the deaths of a single war is relevant. You'd have to account for 35 years of war and more than just the deaths of a war. What about all the people that are maimed by war, all that have suffered greatly due to the war, what about all the children that were burned over their entire bodies from napalm but did not die. I'm trying to understand the value of life from a Catholic perspective. Can you explain the way the heirarchy of sin is determined? "Reasonable people could disagree as to when those circumstances existed, and Catholics have disagreed about the Iraq War. "Isn't it also possible that reasonable people can disagree about when a life is a human life? clearly your statement about quickening reveals that the Church saw life before quickening as less than life after quickening! Let's do a hypothetical. A building is on fire and you rush in to save anyone inside. At one end is an 8 year old girl and at the other end are 10 fertilized eggs (it's a fertility clinic). You only have time to save one or the other, do you save the girl or the 10 fertilized eggs?In my mind it's clear that the eggs are not equivalent to the 8 year old girl The purpose of this argument is to discuss whether a Catholic can vote for a pro-choice candidate. You apparently are not Catholic and do not agree with the Church's position on various issues. That is fine and your right, but we are straying far afield from the purpose of this discussion. My purpose here is to argue that Catholics cannot vote for Senator Obama with a clear conscience.In any event, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops has just released a statement at their website usccb.org that basically obliterates all of the justifications for the "Yes" position on this argument. I will be interested in seeing how the experts on that side explain the statement away. I also think the statement by the bishops will answer some of your questions raised in your reply to me. it's true that I am not a Catholic (or Christian), but I'm making a sincere effort to understand your point of view. I apologize if my questions are difficult, but my intention is to understand The Catholic position. I'm a logician and I like to test the consistency of things. Do Catholics really believe that 4 cells the size of a period at the end of this sentence are of equal stature to a living breathing 8 year old girl? Would they save 10 fertilized eggs over 1 girl if forced to choose?Are Catholics consistently pro-life? If they can't vote for a pro-choice candidate then why can they vote for a pro death penalty candidate?Maybe someone else can help me understand these questions if you find them too difficult or misunderstand my intentions. One thing that rarely comes up in the abortion debate is the high number of spontaneous abortions. It seems that God is the biggest inducer of abortions. . An estimate of between 25 to 50% of fertilized eggs are spontaneously aborted.The figures on that are a guess because they happen before most women even know they are pregnant and don't usually get pregnancy tests done. Of the known pregnancies, about 10% are naturally aborted. How does that figure into the wonders of religion? I disagree with your basic premise that God causes spontaneous abortions, but will accept it for the purpose of responding to your comment.The problem with your line of reasoning is demonstrated by applying it to other "Acts of God." People are killed all the time by natural disasters. That does not make it okay for human beings to kill other innocent human beings. to make a point of logical consistency. We all would be better off helping make sure that we educate people about sex and pregnancy so that we could reduce the numbers of unplanned pregnancies. But that would require us to teach our children about sex and contraceptives. It sometimes seems that people would like a particular result without being active in the solution. I also admit I was taking a dig at the religious belief that god considers every life special. It can hardly be true if god created a body which naturally aborts more often than others induce them. I agree taking other "innocent " human lives is wrong and that natural disasters are a terrible experience for all those involved. I try not to resort to worse case scenarios. I happen to think a woman or young girl is higher on the list of people who need support than a few cells starting to become a life and have a hard time understanding the religious point of view on abortion .It always appears to me that people know god's mind and I wonder how they know it. Did they ever think that god had a different plan for that woman of young girl other than raising a child? It seems to me if you are going to use the argument god works in mysterious ways you would have to conclude that among one of the mysterious ways he chose, abortion would be among those ways.If one proceeds along those lines, even as a Christian, you have to say that yes, a Christian could vote for a pro choice candidate because technically speaking no one knows the ways of god and god may not be that opinionated on the subject. All women everywhere must be give choice - of whether to have unprotected sex or not. If a fetus is killed by an attack on a pregnant woman it is considered murder. Obviously the same must apply in the case of willful abortion unless there are medical problems.Why do liberals insist on choice prior to birth but refuse parents the choice of schools once the child is born? Women must control their bodies or risk becoming servants of the fetus Forcing a woman to continue an unwanted pregnancy subjugates a woman to the fetus. Under no circumstances should a woman's right to control her own body be curtailed in this way. Or, in other words, a fetus cannot be said to have rights to a woman's body that enslave the woman and her body in the relationship. This argument is encapsulated in what is known as the "dialysis analogy", put forward by Judith Jarvis in "A defense of abortion". The argument is that, an individual that hypothetically lives off of another woman's body does not have a right to continue to utilize that woman's body as a kind of "dialysis machine". The woman has a right to "unplug". In the same sense, a woman has the right to "unplug" her body from the fetus, which depends on the woman's body to live, but which does not have rights over the woman's body for its continued existence. Generally I would have to say no. If they really are the most consistent ethically speaking (like with not allowing divorce, among other things), then I would have to say no. If they are pro-choice they can switch to the UCC (Unitarians CONSIDERING Christ). I can only empathize with people who have to deal with secular problems with a religious foundation. Since our institutions and laws are completely (to the best of their ability) secular how should a religious person act? All I say is I'm glad I don't have to deal with those contradictions I can make decisions with no moral conflicts. Atheism is great. There is an inherent moral conflict in the abortion issue, even if you are an atheist.The scientific fact is that a new human life is created at the moment of conception. A distinct human being has been created. The issue then becomes what do you do about that fact?If you are an atheist like Camille Paglia, you conclude that abortion is the taking of a human life, but feel there are countervailing interests that make it necessary to allow abortion.On the other hand, an atheist like Nat Hentoff vehemently opposes abortion.I do not know what type of atheist you are, but clearly abortion is not a simple issue for atheists. about the reasoning behind the two people you mention I will stick to my own thoughts. But In general it is an easier question for atheists. Saying I'm pro choice doesn't mean I think highly of destroying "potential" human lives but I do place a higher value on the women and young girls who are faced with this choice. I think we could spend our money and time in a much wiser way by teaching people how to prevent unwanted pregnancies and helping out on the contraceptive end which is, in my opinion, the best option. While religion certainly influences your morals, you can always vote for whomever you want to. The bible can't overrule the Constitution. Interesting Topic. "Can Catholics Vote For Pro-Choice Politicians".Fisrt Off, The only individual qualified to answer or have an opinion in such a matter should rightly be a Catholic. For it is he/she who knows the truth of the matter. Secondly, only a Catholic in good standing with the teachings of the Church should apply. Well then, that pretty well narrows it down a bit. Throughout the ages mankind has fought against good and evil. Placing both at the forefront of the battle from which gain members.To do evil is relitively easy. To do Good on the other hand, well now, thats another story, but it's one with a happy ending I assure you. Religion has been with man from the beginning and man himself and by himself can not seem to agree when that happened either. That's another story.For the most part, a mans religion has been a mans reason for living, for doing good deeds and for spiritual gratification. An inner growth in sorts. Man who becomes bored with doing good things will tend to drift toward a more distorted belief. An inward or selfward belief. One which promises nothing and will in the end, do much the same. This same man or individual will challenge any and all things that block his ability to waiver from the Truth. Much like an adolesent who so chooses to misbehave in the face of a supperior. He'll take on the Empire State Building, making claims to substantiate his opinion and stope low in order to win his point. A kind of sinister high, if you will. He's taken on authority from all corners of the world and when that wasn't challenging enough, he decided to take on God. Thinking so highly of himself, he couldn't see the forrest for the trees. We've seen this play out before and within the Catholic Church when certain individuals decided to place themselves above God. Most recently, this created a break in the Church with false promises to those wanting more, so called freedom from the teachings of the Church.Of course like many people do, they decided to leave and start their own church with their own way of doing things and with their own beliefs, interpreted in their own way. Even today, within the Catholic Church, there are those who call themselves Catholic but hold their own personal views and opinions, far from the True Churchs Doctrin which has been handed down from the beginning. The Teachings have not changed, though the people have. It is one Teaching, that from God, which protects the Catholic Church, the one Jesus started some two thousand years ago. Over 33,000 new and improved churchs have popped up since the 1500's and continue to promise everything but the entire Truth. Those who wish to argue this can simply research it for themselves. I didn't make it up, I simply am providing you an extended version of why this topic can not be debated upon as though it were an opinon for cooking pizza. Oh it can I guess, but then you would be choosing to be on the right side or the wrong side. So proceed with caution. Somebodies life other than your own, might well depend on it.A Pro-Choice Politician is just another individual who wants a vote. A True-Catholic cannot vote for an intrensic evil unless the options available provide a better result which would be supportive to Gods point of view which supports all life. Society today has watered down Truth as to it's true meaning from years ago. Today Truth still exist and it's a wonderful thing to have in a confused world. Like many topics, instead of trying to dissect our world into more suitable bites, can we not simply list all that is Good and all that is Bad, like too opposing teams and let the players decide for themselves? But then again, you would have to allow an oppertunity for the Truth to be known. Sure, why not? They have no problem cherry picking what dogma suits them enough to follow. The day it is decided that Roman Catholics can not vote for a pro-choice candidate, I, as a citizen, will make the demand that every baptized Roman Catholic legislator and every Roman Catholic judge will either resign from office or renounce the Catholic faith. If they can not be both Roman Catholics and believers in a civil society established upon the principle of freedom of, and from, religion , they must make a choice. If citizens do not demand that choice be made that day, our experiment in democracy is finished.In the end, this has nothing to do with abortion . Something much more elemental is at stake. Once they take the booth who they vote for is supposed to be secret. they do! Abortion may be immoral, but it is still a woman's right There are many things that are seen as immoral by some people, but which must, nevertheless, be upheld as a right. As is argued above, the fetus has no absolute right to the woman's body, and therefore the woman has a right to "unplug" (abort). This is the case no matter how "wrong" we might believe the act of "unplugging" and killing the fetus to be. The rest of the citation so it is not taken out of context.19. This declaration expressly leaves aside the question of the moment when the spiritual soul is infused. There is not a unanimous tradition on this point and authors are as yet in disagreement. For some it dates from the first instant; for others it could not at least precede nidation. It is not within the competence of science to decide between these views, because the existence of an immortal soul is not a question in its field. It is a philosophical problem from which our moral affirmation remains independent for two reasons: (1) supposing a belated animation, there is still nothing less than a human life, preparing for and calling for a soul in which the nature received from parents is completed, (2) on the other hand, it suffices that this presence of the soul be probable (and one can never prove the contrary) in order that the taking of life involve accepting the risk of killing a man, not only waiting for, but already in possession of his soul.A Catholic who may think that there is room in Catholic theology for the "acceptance of policies that favor access to the full range of "reproductive health options", (on the contrary, are not healthy emotionally, physically or spiritually) you only need to read what the Church herself teaches on abortion and contraception. The conclusion is clear: There is no room in Catholic theology for the obvious disregard for human life. Logic can be our best friend or our worst friend. Depends on the way we feel about the question being debated. First, if we recognize that the woman's human body naturally aborts a significant portion of conceived eggs than we can relax a bit on the question of induced abortions. Since they happen all the time we need not make a special case. Second, you presume that there is a soul. I don't and by the way you can never prove you or any one does have a soul. A conundrum, I know but it does swing both ways and so logical consistency would be in favor of no special case. You also seem to presume that you know god's mind (if such a mind does actually exist) which I will grant for arguments sake, but please inform me how you or anyone could possibly know all the mysterious ways of this god?Besides, I would argue that there is "no room in catholic theology for the obvious disregard for human life" presented in wars, or even in the holding of WMDs. We should strive to educate people about sex and contraception so that those who want to have a baby have them when they want them and not because of an accident. I'm grateful for the discussion that is allowed on this site. I dod not have time to read all the comments and debates. When speaking about the right to abortion because it is the law of our land, I also know that at one time, slavery was allowed in our land because it was the law of the land. What about all the issues surrounding the racial discrimanation in this land? Was that not at one time the law of our land? And what was that all worth? The cost of the ink and the paper which made it a law? We don't need human laws to know the law that is written into every human heart. We all know right and wrong and we don't need someone else to tell us. We just need to stop joking ourselves. Thank you for this chance to speak! Joe O'Brien is ostensibly a very confused Catholic. In fact I would submit he is not a Catholic at all, not believing in the hierarchy of the Catholic Church, & certainly is NOT a Roman Catholic. We are God's children. He created all of us, starting from the unborn. It is God's command to love each other as brothers & sisters. We cannot approve the murder of the unborn & love God at the same time. Those notions are incompatible. Nowadays,Catholics can do whatever they wish in good conscience. At least this is what they choose to believe. This is not what the Catholic Church, established 2009 years ago, believes or teaches, however. The rules were set down by the author of life and death, and to my knowledge, they are still in force. Jiminy Cricket misled many of us, and we need to forget that little bug's teaching about 'always let your conscience be your guide.' Our conscience can mislead us. It's wise to always let the Catechism of the Catholic Church be our guide if we care about pleasing our Lord and preserving our immortal souls. And certainly, don't let the current society trends be our guide. That's just plain foolish. Try to imagine how many trends have come and gone in 2009 years. What if the Church made silly changes to accomodate these trends every time one came along? Be thankful the Church stands firm on God's laws and obey them. Enjoy the treasures of the Church. We have them in abundance. Pray for all our brothers and sisters of other faiths. We are all one family in His eyes. Yes, why should people use reason and logic to discover right and wrong when a priest can decide for them? They do When the Pope speaks definitively on fiath and morals, it is infallible. Many things have been declared infallible since 1870. The teaching barring birth control is one example. It was definitively declared by Pope Paul VI in the encyclical Humanae Vitae, which was written specifically for that purpose. Pope John Paul II wrote the encyclical Evangelium Vitae for a similar purpose--the bishops had asked him to clarify/codify Catholic teaching regarding life issues such as abortion and euthanasia. The Church's anti-abortion stance was also clearly published in the Catechism of the Catholic Church which is approved and released by the Vatican undr the direction of Pope John Paul II to clearly lay out that which the Chiurch considers to be core Catholic teachings. The Church's teaching against abortion is indeed infallible. You are correct in your understanding of what constitutes an infallible statement in regard to codifying as doctrine matters of traditional belief, such as the Assumption of Mary. But definitive statements from the Pope in regard to issues of faith and morals also morally obligate all Catholics and are both infallible and unchangable. In your reasoning you have stated that a human being must always obey the certain judgment of his conscience. You also said that when the church cannot speak definitively on a matter, "the consciences of individual Catholics must be primary and respected. This leaves latitude for Catholics to support prochoice politicians."Your reasoning is flawed for two reasons:The church has taught on a matter of faith and morals that abortion is a grave and mortal sin. The church has also taught that supporting these policies are wrong. Therefore the church has spoken definitely on the matter. Secondly, in your support of deferring to a person's conscience you have failed to mention what the Catechism speaks of in terms of malformed consciences. The church clearly teaches that this ignorance, which includes defiance of church teaching, is no excuse for sins commited. This is from CCC 1790 - 1792. I have provided an excerpt for reference: Yet it can happen that moral conscience remains in ignorance and makes erroneous judgments about acts to be performed or already committed. This ignorance can often be imputed to personal responsibility. This is the case when a man "takes little trouble to find out what is true and good, or when conscience is by degrees almost blinded through the habit of committing sin." In such cases, the person is culpable for the evil he commits. Ignorance of Christ and his Gospel, bad example given by others, enslavement to one's passions, assertion of a mistaken notion of autonomy of conscience, rejection of the Church's authority and her teaching, lack of conversion and of charity: these can be at the source of errors of judgment in moral conduct. The Church only makes a formal declaration of infallibility in extraordinary circumstances, and in particular, regarding matters of widespread doubt among the faithful.The Church doesn't know when life begins? Really? I think the Church has access to the findings of science, just like everyone else... A fetus is not a "person" so can't have rights protecting it from abortion: Is terminating a fetus, which can neither feel emotions nor be conscious of its own "existence," really be considered equivalent to killing a "person?" Some define personhood (qualifying for rights) through a set of criteria. A being need not exhibit every criterion to qualify as a person, but failure to exhibit most is proposed as disqualification. One list includes consciousness (at least the capacity to feel pain), reasoning, self motivation, the ability to communicate on many possible topics, and self-awareness. Lists like this are intended to help someone be able to objectively distinguish between a biological human and a person. An embryo is not a person because it satisfies only one criterion, namely consciousness (and this only after it becomes susceptible to pain). Other sets of criteria conclude that an embryo lacks personhood (and a right to life) because it lacks self-consciousness, rationality, and autonomy. These lists diverge over precisely which features confer a right to life, but tend to propose that they are developed psychological features not found in embryos. Opponents can object to abortions, but must tolerate the choice Opponents of abortion may have a strong moral case and belief against abortion. Yet, their beliefs are not shared by all. They must tolerate a woman's right to have an abortion, even if they believe the act to be morally wrong. The best that opponents can hope for is to convince women that it is immoral, but to ask for the illegalization of abortion would be to wrongly deny that abortion is a right. Mr. O'Brien appears to be attempting to muddle the definition of 'infallible teaching'. Church teachings are declared in one of three ways:Papal 'ex cathedra' statements - Except for the errors stating that the declaration of infallibility itself was proclaimed via this method and the implication that it is the sole source of infallible teaching, Mr. O'Brien's characterization of this particular source of the deposit of faith is correct. (The dogma of papal infallibility was declared via the Extraordinary Universal Magisterium, specifically from the First Vatican Ecumenical Council - 1870.)Extraordinary Universal Magisterium - Bishops united with the Pope at an Ecumenical Council. An infallible example here would be the dogma of Christ's Divinity. (First Nicea Council 325)Ordinary Universal Magisterium Bishops dispersed throughout the world and united with the Pope being in agreement on one judgment or position to be definitively held. An infallible example here would be the reality of angels and demons as creatures of intellect and will.Mr. O'Brien's assertion of a doctrine of primacy of personal conscience also selectively cites a partial portion of the Church teaching regarding conscience. Consider also paragraph 1783 of the Catechism which includes:The education of conscience is indispensable for human beings who are subjected to negative influences and tempted by sin to prefer their own judgment and to reject authoritative teachings. Although the Magisterium has a plethora of statements that are definitive authoritative teachings of the Church doctrine regarding the grave sin of abortion, perhaps the most succinct is from Pope John Paul II in Evangelium Vitae who quotes Vatican II documents Lumen Gentium & Gaudium et Spes as well as Pope Paul VI's Humanae Vitae:By the authority which Christ conferred upon Peter and his successors, in communion with the bishops who on various occasions have condemned abortion and who in the aforementioned consultation, albeit dispersed throughout the world, have shown unanimous agreement concerning this doctrine I declare that direct abortion, that is, abortion willed as an end or as a means, always constitutes a grave moral disorder, since it is the deliberate killing of an innocent human being. This doctrine is based upon the natural law and upon the written Word of God, is transmitted by the Church's tradition and taught by the ordinary and universal magisterium. Have we not read our Popes' encyclicals? Pope John Paul II wrtoe the encyclical Evangelium Vitae specifically for the purpose of defining the Church's teaching on life issues such as abortion and euthanasia. The CHurch recognizes the Pope's authority to speak definitively on issues of faith and morals, and all Catholics are morally bound by such defining statements. You state that "At the end of the day, the bishops remind us, individual Catholic voters must use their own prudential judgment or, moral common sense when deciding which levers to pull. If after examining the facts, a Catholic truly believes that a pro-choice candidate will do more to promote the cause of human life than one who seeks legal prohibitions on abortion, her or she can vote for the pro-choice candidate with a clear conscience."My question to Catholics out there is this: Are we examining the facts? If one candidate's record is more pro-life than the other (OnTheIssues.org is very helpful) how can a Catholic truly believe that a pro-choice candidate will do more to promote the cause of human life if his record is the opposite of pro-life in every sense of the word? Catholic or not, to ignore the facts, or worse, to have life issues at the bottom of your priority list, how can anyone vote with a clear conscience when defenseless babies being killed take bottom priority over the economy? If we can't trust the president to protect the most defenseless and innocent, what can we trust him with? Bottom Line: Can Catholics Vote Pro Choice? The answer is no. does the mantra of "life" apply to those already born? If so then is a person that authorizes torture pro-life (i.e. was Bush)? Is a person that acquiesced on torture pro-life? Is a person that starts unnecessary wars pro-life?In the end I'd find a person that is opposed to torture and unnecessary wars more inline with the mantra of life than someone who protects 4 cells as if it were a full fledged human being. Pro-life should mean not only preserving the life, but also working to improve the condition the life exists in.On both ends ( abortion and euthanasia ) life needs to be protected.In the middle we need to work to improve the conditions that everyone lives in. We need to provide at least basic health care . All people should have roofs over there head. There should be a minimum standard that all people should be provided. However, people need to give back as they can (not a welfare world).Torture is part of the middle ground. One thing that needs to be cleared up is at point do you cross the line between interrogation and torture? Is interrogation allowed? Is the line different for times of war and peace? Does Iraq or Afghanistan qualify as a war? Some Police forces have been accused of using torture, how do handle them?Abortion takes over a million lives every year (just in the USA); how many have died from torture?In the "war" do you just look at the number of American soldiers that have died, or the total number of persons that have died? Do we weigh the lives saved against the lives lost? The number of bodies found in the mass graves in Iraq has exceeded the estimates of how many people Saddam Hussein was thought to have executed.You use the term "full fledged human being". Please define this term. At what point does a person no longer rate "full fledged"? If I get into a car accident and can no longer take care of myself, would I no longer be "full fledged"?You did not mention the death penalty . This should only be allowed if needed to protect society . If a person can be kept isolated from society, then the value of their life needs to be respected. If the person can not be isolated from society, then the value of the many lives in society needs to have greater weight than the one persons life. Abortion kills a known number of persons, while torture and war death tolls do not come close in quantity. In the abstract, it is morally permissible to vote for a pro-abortion candidate. Just as in the abstract, capital punishment is morally permissible when there exists no other option to protect society. In reality, the abstract conditions that would make either voting for a pro-abortion candidate or utilizing capital punishment rarely exist. Unlike capital punishment, abortion is always wrong and is a non-negotiable principle. Pope Benedict XVI is using the established moral reasoning prinicple of cooperation with evil to make his statement. Let us rigorously apply this principle to evaluate the current election:I want to evaluate the action of voting for a pro-abortion candidate, specifically Obama, using the principles of cooperation with evil.Let me first state my premises: Abortion is an intrinsic evil. It is never justified. It cannot be tolerated. Barack Obama supports abortion as is evidenced by his past senate votes and 100% NARAL rating, his endorsement by Planned Parenthood, and his promise to sign the radical Freedom Of Choice Act as one of his first official acts as president. An astute and very precise legal analysis of the dire ramifications of the Freedom of Choice Act can be found here. ( ) It can also be assumed that Obama will support US funding of abortions as part of foreign aid packages as well as the performance of abortions on military installations. In addition, it can be assumed that he will appoint Supreme Court justices who are sympathetic to Roe v Wade (in spite of the fact that many legal minds have denounced the legal thinking of this ruling). Therefore, the election of Barack Obama will cause the increased vulnerability to abortion of the unborn on a world-wide basis. This is an intrinsic evil.The question is whether or not it is morally licit to vote for Barack Obama. The first step is to decide if a vote for Barack Obama is formal or material cooperation with the intrinsic evil of abortion. If one is voting for Obama specifically because he supports abortion it is formal cooperation. Formal cooperation with an intrinsic evil is always morally illicit. That was easy. What if you oppose abortion? Does electing Barack Obama contribute an essential component to the increased vulnerability to abortion of the unborn on a world-wide basis even though that is not your intent? I suggest it does, because not electing him would make this dramatic increased vulnerability impossible. This would make your cooperation immediate material cooperation. Immediate material cooperation with an intrinsic evil is also morally illicit. Lets just say for the sake of argument, that electing Barack Obama is not an essential requirement for the increased vulnerability to abortion of the unborn. Though this will be the result of Barack Obamas election, the voter does not intend this result. Therefore, such cooperation by electing Barack Obama would be considered mediate material cooperation. Such cooperation can only be tolerated if all four of the following conditions exist:1. the cooperators act (voting for Obama) is itself morally good or indifferent2. the cooperator does not intend the evil (making the unborn more vulnerable to abortion) of the principle agent (Obama)3. the good effect is not achieved by means of the evil4. the good effect is proportionate to the bad effectIt is condition 4 that makes the cooperation (voting for Obama) morally illicit. There is no proportionate reason to tolerate the increased vulnerability to abortion. You can see a very long list here ( of all the bishops )who have spoken to this. Therefore, using well-established principles of moral reasoning, I can confidently say it is morally illicit to vote for Barack Obama. speaking specifically of Obama can only make sense when compared to the other option. Why is it that pro-life seems to only value the life of the unborn and not the born? Can a catholic vote for someone who authorized torture if they "value life"? What about someone who supports unnecessary wars? You are correct in pointing out that the pro-life ethic must take into account the full spectrum. However, you can not equate issues of the quality of life (poverty, hunger, torture) with issues of life itself (abortion, euthanasia). Yes, we do fight against torture because it is bad. But all issues are not equal. Some issues are life and death issues. We value the life - both of the born and unborn. However, when given a person who is being tortured, a person who is homeless, and a person who is going to be killed - my priorities, my biggest fight, is going to be for the person about to be killed. This does not mean the others are going to be ignored, but is a basic understanding that not everything is equal. Voting for a candidate is not a full endorsement of their entire platform. It is a vote for the best candidate. This does not mean they are perfect, and I don't know if such a candidate has ever existed. We must vote for the candidate who "values life" the most, and when comparing someone who endorses murder (aka abortion) on demand, the choice is fairly easy. Let's apply Mr. Korzen's "do more to promote the cause of human life" standard to a President Obama and see how that works out. President Obama will receive the Freedom of Choice Act from a Congress dominated by Democrats soon after taking office and will happily sign it. Federal funding would be used for abortions here and overseas and parents would be deprived of notification of, or consent to, their underage daughters having abortions. The number of abortions will obviously increase. Any argument to the contrary is delusional. Some Catholics for Obama try to excuse their vote by claiming Obama will do more to help the poor, which is clearly a goal of Catholic Social Justice. However, reasonable people can disagree about which candidates' policies will do more to help the poor. What cannot be disputed is that it does not promote the cause of poor people to encourage them to destroy their unborn children through federal funding of abortion or deprive them of the right to know that their underage daughter wants to have an abortion. Such a result cannot be in accord with the Church's goal of promoting human life. The statement issued yesterday by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, which is available at usccb.org, expressly rejects Mr. Korzen's argument that as long as we think that a candidate will help the poor, we can ignore the candidate's appalling record on abortion.The Bishop's statement makes clear that Catholics must try to help the poor, but must always fight against the intrinsic evil of abortion. Denying abortion rights forces maternity on women (state rape) Edward Abbey , an American author - "Abolition of a woman's right to abortion, when and if she wants it, amounts to compulsory maternity: a form of rape by the State." I have one simple question:If there is nothing wrong with abortion, then why do we need to reduce its use? The Democratic Party has time and again defended not only the right to abortion, or rather the right to choose as they state, but have stated that abortion is not murder, but just another medical procedure. If this is true, then why all the work to reduce abortions? If they truly believe that there is nothing wrong with it, what is the purpose of this new dedication to reduction?I think it is just an attempt to placate voters and appease certain members while still raking the millions of pro-abortion donor dollars and glowing endorsements from the major abortion providers and backers. You are absolutely correct that making abortion illegal is not the only option. In fact, I would argue that it must not be. If we were simply to overturn Roe v. Wade and immediately pass a no exceptions federal ban on abortions now, the results would predictably look much like the days of Prohibition with disastrous results for countless women and babies. However, though I freely admit this point, to use this as a means of justifying continued unrestricted legal abortion is a cop out. As Catholics, our end goal should be no more abortions. Since we agree that simply passing legislation is not enough, then we have our work cut out for us. First, it is important for each of us to understand that this fight is not about women's rights as the pro choice advocates claim. Rather it is about whether or not a human life, even an unborn one, is deserving of protection as a person under the law. To deny one group or another personhood, as Roe v. Wade does the unborn child, means they can be disposed of with impunity for any reason and by any means whatsoever. Allowing this to continue sets a dangerous precedent by which many people may be deemed nonpersons and disposed of. It is a person's humanity, not his utility, that should guarantee rights and protection under the law. These are the very principles our nation was founded on. It can be found clearly stated in the opening paragraph of the Declaration of Independence. This said, one must also be concerned for these mothers who find themselves in desperate situations which might drive them to choose abortion. Obviously, as a nation we have failed these women. We have not provided them adequate support. That must change. If we are to turn the tide against abortion, these women need compassionate support, adequate health care, and options that enable them to continue their lives in dignity without putting their child to death. Many Democrats and Republicans, pro choice and pro life activists alike, have been working to engage in these kinds of services. However, this alone is also not enough. So long as we deny the unborn child personhood, the unmitigated slaughter will continue, and we as a nation are guilty of grave sin. These little lives deserve the same protection as the rest of us, and it is here in the fight against abortion that we have the opportunity to guarantee the protection of law to all human beings, be they big or small, healthy or disabled, young or old. Anything less leaves us at the whim of judges, politicians, or the popular vote to decide who lives and who should die, a breeding ground for the likes of Hitler's Germany where large groups of people were targeted because of race, religion, genetic abnormality, and even such simple things as a less desirable hair and eye color. This cannot be allowed. We protect the lives of our pets, even stray animals, but offer nothing for our own children. Though other options can and even must be pursued, abortion must be made illegal, just as it is illegal to murder, to steal from others, or to beat and torture another because you disagree with his ideas. Directly causing his death is most certainly more a violation of the child's rights than carrying the baby to term could ever be for his mother. No not for now it's need. You are correct that prolife means all life. HTe ideologies of both political parties falls woefully short in comparison to the whole of Catholic social justice teaching. And while all these issues are of great importance, the right to live is the abosolute and fundamental foundation of all Catholic socail justice teaching, and as such, must take precedence over other concerns.The crux of Roe v. Wade is that it denies personhood to the unborn child. We can argue this way and that way about when "life" begins. But the truth is, regardless of faith or anything else, it is scientific fact that life begins at conception. We can have theological debates about how and when a soul enters the body, whether we have a soul at all, etc. But we know that all human beings begin as a single complete cell when egg and sperm unite to form a new and unique human DNA chain. We know that this cell is alive. It takes in nutrients and disposes of biological waste, and it immediately sets about reproducing itself in an attempt to form the human person its genetic instruction tells it to become. This is the beginning of human life. It is inarguable, biological fact.The question that remains before us then, is when does it constitute a person that should have protection under the law? IF you broadly interpret the intentions of our nation's founding fahters when they wrote those opening words to the Declaration of Independence, it is the moment of conception. INdeed the Church's teachings on social justice and life issues hinges on this point: It is our humanity, not our utility or sentience, that should determine rights and protection under hte law. And if we do not have the right to live and breathe, universal health care is an absurdity, for it cannot be universal. The alleviation of poverty becomes moot, for those impoverished can simply be disposed of rather than fed at the crack of a gavel on a judicial bench. The ideals of personal freedom, the right to free speech and the practice of religion become an farce, for there are those who have not been allowed to choose. Life is the fundamental right from which all other freedoms and our dignity as human persons flows. If we do not take steps to universally guarantee it, then the only freedom we have is pure fantasy. Therfore, the protection of the right to life must take precedence over all other issues in Catholic social justice teaching, for without it, all else is meaningless. John McCain is not George Bush, and Barack Obama is not John Kerry. Obama is the most pro-abortion (yes, pro-abortion, not pro-choice, which you could concede to Senator Kerry for the sake of argument) candidate who has ever run for President. His fervent support of the Freedom of Choice Act, along with his opposition to key provisions of the Democrats for Life sponsored Pregnant Women Support Act, clearly refute any contention that Senator Obama is pro-choice. There will be more abortions in this country if Barack Obama becomes President. Anyone who looks past the rhetoric to Obama's actual record knows that is the truth. Mr. Korzen and other Cahtolics like him who ignore Obama's record and vote for him in an unreasonable belief that the number of abortions will be reduced cannot claim they cast their vote in good conscience. Finally, while one can never guarantee how a Supreme Court appointee will turn out (see the abysmal Anthony Kennedy) you can be certain that a President Obama will not appoint any justice who has even the slightest chance of becoming a Roberts or Alito. A vote for Obama is a vote for the appointment of two or three justices who will be hostile to all attempts to limit abortion for decades. Long after Obama leaves office, those justices will be striking down pro-life initiatives. We can find NO common ground, even to the point of notifying parents that their underage daughter is getting an abortion.In a country where you need parental notification for taking cold medicine and taking them on field trips, it seems that getting an abortion with parent notification is not even common ground for us. This is utterly ridiculous that Obama is not willing to let a family decide what is best for the child that is underage and pregnant. (voting NO on notifying parents of minors who get out-of-state abortions.) What kind of president would not allow the parents decide how best to help their child? That is one huge flaw. So a child (remember that nowadays 10-year-olds can become pregnant) who has been raped by her father should be forced to beg him for an abortion ???In Brazil it was the stepfather (who was a legal guardian until he was put into jail) and she girl 9.Is this the "Pursuit of Happiness" in the US???Note: I chose my name from personal experience, at that age I found out that "THE HORRIBLE" would soon force me to have children myself, and never be able to leave the abuse family; and have fought off ANY touch since then - and it was absolutely exhausting. Senator Obama has promised to sign the Freedom of Choice Act if elected President. With the majorities the Democrats will have in both houses of Congress, that legislation will certainly arrive on President Obama's desk and he will certainly sign it.With the stroke of his pen, abortions will be paid for, here and abroad, with federal funds, and the reasonable parental notification and consent laws that have widespread support will be swept away.So, in fact, this election will be a referendum on FOCA. Everyone knows that God has given us something we call free will. You are able to do whatever you please, but of course there are consquences. If you cannot make your own choice on who to vote for then there no longer is free will. There is only one ruler we must answer to and VOTE for and that is the Jesus himself. We have always be able to make our own decisions but your conscience tells you what is right and wrong. So in election time there will be no right man in God's eyes because he is the only one. Your choice i your choice. The only one you have to answer to his him. Voting for anyone who believes in the death penalty is also wrong if you want to put it into cases as this. Like my pastor says God doesn't believe in any type of death. From the WOMB to the TOMB WE are forced to pay for born-unwanteds,WE are forced to pay for slow and painful dying still,so - why should the faithheads NOT be treated equally and pay for what THEY do not want (or never need, if male!!!)?But am I talking to the enthusiasts of the penal law here?If there is any "common ground" on personal matters, it can only be NO penal law, everyBODY decides over his or her OWN body, and health insurance pays for a limited amount of the most costly decisions (like IVF), but all of the not-so-expensives seen in the long run. A woman has the sole right to decide to seek an abortion. A woman carries a child during pregnancy and undergoes child-birth. No-one else carries the child for her; it will be her responsibility alone, and thus she should have the sole right to decide. These are important events in a womans life, and if she does not want to go through the full nine months and subsequent birth, then she should have the right to choose not to do so. There are few if any other cases where something with such profound consequences is forced upon a human being against her/his will. There is nothing "unlikely" about the passage of the Freedom of Choice Act if Senator Obama is elected President. That Act will reverse the Hyde Amendment and will strike down parental consent/notification laws throughout the country.The Congress is going to be controlled by Democrats, who will certainly pass the Act, and Senator Obama has promised pro-abortion groups that the first thing he will do as President is sign the Act into law. The statment released yesterday by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops directly refutes this argument by Catholic Democrats. Catholics who want to see what the Bishops have to say on this issue should go to usccb.org for the statement.It should be noted that the statement was issued under the names of Cardinal Rigali, Chairman of the Committee on Pro-Life Activities, and Bishop Murphy, Chairman on the Committee on Domestic Justice and Human Development. Catholics must fight for Social Justice and fight against abortion. As set forth in the first paragraph of the statement, "Unfortunately, there seem to be efforts and voter education materials designed to persuade Catholics that they need choose only one approach: either opposing evil or doing good. This is not an authentic Catholic approach." Let me first just thank for a highly repetitive post, with pretty much 1 reason you couldn't vote for Obama. Who then, can you vote for? None of these men - and none of the women - hold Christian values. Oh there's lip service... but then, most people who claim to be Christian do little but go to church. So voting based on your religious views is sillier than believing in the tooth fairy. Let me just point out to you that Obama's plans as a whole are decidedly more in line with the ideals of Christ. And indeed, if the whole of the Congress voted according to their Christianity which they claim to express there would be no Iraq war, nothing in Afghanistan, universal health care, free food for the homeless, shelters, and so on and so forth. Things McCain is dead set against - as are most Republicans. Yet giving to those who have nothing, and shunning the materialistic impulses are Christian values. Speaking of Christian values, is this why the Vatican is so rich? Because it's money that gets you into heaven? Or the way you vote?Or maybe it's your own individual actions.... Because the only reason you can come up as to not vote for Obama as a opposed to McCain was abortion . Because that's the one issue that would help more people. Good job. Obama won... and this probably upset you because of the ONE reason you could think of. I wrote in for Ron Paul, so don't tell Me what's crappy about Obama because I don't like him. I like him like this much better than I like McCain. As for the current president - well. Bleh.I was just pointing out that Jesus Christ would be laughed at. If he came down out of the clouds and sat at the right hand of Nancy Pelosi and espoused the same views... the very same "Christians" sitting in congress would laugh at him. If he wasn't shot first. Because Christ would tell them to feed the hungry, give their coats to those who were cold, let strangers sleep in their homes - or at least their garages (?) - and to give away whatever they didn't need. These policies are more closely matched by Obama. So if you're going to use your "Christian" (as if that means anything) views to vote, why would you vote for someone whose policies are better for the richest people and crappiest for everyone else? Makes absolutely no sense. Yet time and time again, people will vote not for policies that more closely resemble their beliefs, but for the candidate who claims the loudest and fiercest that yes, they too, are Christian. The "Christain" values that politicians profess are meaningless because you're exactly right - we can't run the world on them. The hypocrites who run things can pick and choose which so-called sins (so called because they're only sins if you're a religious type), but that doesn't mean a jellified thing. A "Christian" would do what they were told to do... and that is the exact opposite of what happened the past. Well. FOREVER history of politics and politicking. As for the Vatican having more money than Davy Crockett (never did get that line from Forrest Gump), that wasn't a low blow.How much harder is it for the rich to get into heaven? Doesn't their very own Christ supposedly say that? So how exactly is it a low blow to point out the hypocrisy of a religion that professes to be the conduit between God and men? They have a frikken POPE! A Pope that wears gold rings and chains and carries a scepter and everything. They should be like Schindler... How many people could be clothed, fed, sheltered by the worth of that ring alone? The gold? The money? That's why it's hypocritical. That's hardly a low blow. It's the truth. Crappy? Maybe if you're Catholic. But it's entirely the truth, so targeting the wealth of a religion that supposed to shun it isn't hitting below the sacremental belt at all. Anywho. ...no, they can not be Pro-Choice.The Catholic Church is very strict. According to its own self-proclaimed, self-appointed duty, it is the conduit between Man and God. It's rules - it's laws - are God's rules - God's laws. If you're truly Catholic you accept everything the Vatican says without question. It is God's word.If you call yourself Catholic and believe you can be Pro-Choice, you're delusional. I consider Catholics who believe this to have "selective faith." They follow the rules of the Vatican that are convenient for them, using the principles of Christianity as fire insurance. "As long as I ask for forgiveness, I will be saved." thats not so any more faithful catholic are there still any? A study was done on the voting record of Catholics in Congress. The pro-life congressmen voted with the church against abortion but on nothing else. The pro-choice congressmen voted with the church on everything except on opposition to abortion. Now who is the good Catholic? then one needs to consider all those questions before you lay down and have unprotected sex. sexual awareness is becoming more and more prominent. on the other hand, i think that most would agree that there are extenuating circumstances. ie: rape, or if the birth itself would place the mother in danger. but, it should not be a cop out for a night of bad decisions. i also think the fathers should be given more of a choice when it comes to abortion . not all father's are dead beats, and some would love the opportunity. in many cases this is taken from them. it is just as emotionally traumatizing for some men. where's the fairness in that. woman don't want us telling them what they can and can't do with there body's. well, start considering the fathers a little. Upon hearing that a sexual partner of yours became pregnant and was considering abortion , carry the child yourself if medically possible? Abortion is the woman's choice, not the father's The Father should be told that the woman is having an abortion but until he carries and gives birth to his own baby then it is not his choice to tell the woman that she has to keep and give a painful birth to this fetus. A woman has the right to decide what happens inside her body. In the end making it illegal will only punish poor woman, as wealthy woman will always have the option of having an abortion. A human being has no moral obligation to another person to allow that person the use of what is theirs, even if that second person needs it to survive. If you disagree, I've got a really excellent proposition for you. Hi Cameron.You are using a pretty sophisticated philosophical argument first made years ago in print, by a female philosopher. A friend of mine (a University Professor of Philosophy) wrote an entire book on this and a couple of other important, pro-choice of abortion , philosophical arguments.You seem somewhat sophisticated, using the argument that you do. Are you also a Professor of Philosophy, or an interested philosophy student, or maybe just a very bright and thoughtful individual? Perhaps you might actually know my friend: Professor Steve Schwartz. Cameron? I'm not sure that I spelled his first name correctly (maybe it's "Stephen"). Google his name and perhaps the title of his book will also appear.I'm sorry. I'm a little old, now; and I can't remember the title of his book just now. It was more than a decade ago.Let me know if you can/can't find the book. I'll try to get you plugged into it.raymond If not, I've got nothing. You're going to have to give me a link.And I'm a poli sci student. Hi, Cameron:I googled him for page after page, and came up empty. He's retired from URI and is working at another educational institution.I have his phone number. I'll see what I can do. So abortion is okay in areas where more people like it than don't? Why do you think that slavery became a federal issue? Would you have said that the southern states were fine to continue it as long as the northern states were allowed to abolish it, and vice versa? Abortion is a federal issue, and I know that because it was ruled on by a federal court. It's a constitutional issue. States cannot simply refuse to observe the wills of the Supreme Court or the constitution because most of their constituents dislike them. Quote from previous commenters: "...in 2002 alone there were 357 maternal deaths in the USA." It is true that indeed giving birth is NOT without its risks.But successful abortion carries a 100% rate of risk of death to the child. And in contrast to the unfortunate 357 maternal deaths we see an unfortunate rate of almost 1.3 MILLION infant deaths in 2002 to abortion ( ).I suspect it is one's ego that is willing to value one life more than another... or one life more than 3,613 others.In response to "A woman has a right over what happens inside her body," actually I believe what the previous commenter was trying to say was "A woman has the right over her own body." But science tells us that the child inside is not her body, but a completely different body and person. Common sense concludes that nobody has the right to control the life or death of another person regardless of their location, age or status (born or not). I can only assume by your moniker that you are a male and consequently will never experiance facing an unwanted pregnancy. Infants are not "being killed" because an embryo is not an infant. Until that "child" can function and breath on it's own it's still considered part of the woman's body. A woman does not give up her human o legal rights simply because she conceives. Like I've said, unless the woman involved is your girlfriend, wife, mother, sister, ect. you have no right to tell her what to do with her body. It's of no financial burden to you if she chooses abortion . It's of no concern to you if she chooses abortion. The woman is a stranger to you. You have no knowledge of her financial or emotional circumstances. It's none of your business unless you plan on supporting the child for the next 18 years of it's life. I've been pregnant 5 times, if that means that I am uniquely more qualified than a man to make a decision about something that relates to women. Abortion kills a human offspring at the stage of human development called either embryo or fetus. That doesn't make it non-human. Infant, child, adolescent, and adult are names for other stages of human development.An embryo has, from the very moment of conception, it's own unique DNA. That is a scientific fact. It is not a part of a woman's body but a unique being that happens to be developing in the place where it was designed (by God or nature, your choice) to develop until the time it is ready for birth.It absolutely does affect everyone if abortion is legal. There are many consequences to society, whether financial (when taxpayer funds are used to fund it, or in dealing with the medical consequences that often follow) or not (as in the higher rate of child abuse that we have in the time that abortion has been legal).I support groups that help women when they are in crisis pregnancy situations. If a woman has a financial or emotional circumstance that may cause her to think that abortion is her only choice (or if she is pushed into an abortion by a boyfriend, husband, parent, or someone else), we as a society should stand up and let her know that there are ways that we can help her besides telling her that killing her child is the only option. The way to help a woman with a crisis pregnancy is to help her solve the crisis. Abortion is a betrayal of women - even early feminists like Susan B. Anthony believed that. Those who didn't are women like Margaret Sanger, who was a proponent of eugenics and a racist who supported Hitler. The mother's life is more valuable than the fetus. What makes the mothers life more important is that she is a full-grown adult and has the ability to make more children. You better study your history dear child. Hitler was all for eugenics and forcing abortions on those he didn't consider racially pure but if a German woman wanted an abortion whoa Nelly! It was illegal to have an abortion for them and anyone who performed an abortion on their racially pure German women were executed for their "crime". Let's just agree to disagree. I believe that the woman is here and now. Her health, her body, her life is paramount. An embryo is an embryo. No one forced you to have an abortion against your will but yet you feel you are so morally superior that you have the right to make decisions regarding other women. 99.9% of them are total strangers to you. If you don't believe in abortion then don't have one. End of argument. I support your right to have as many pregnancies as your body can tolerate and if by chance it may kill you in the process, then I support your right to commit suicide in order to bring the fruit of your conception to delivery. It's your business and your life just stay the hell out of other women's privacy. We have thousands of children languishing in foster care, hundreds of thousands without homes living on the street or in homeless shelters because their parents don't have jobs (or don't make enough to pay rent), millions more without healthcare because their parents make too much money to qualify for state assistance but not enough to purchase health insurance. Millions of children in this country go to bed every night hungry. Why aren't you working your ass off to see that these problems are addressed FIRST before demanding that all women must be forced to live by YOUR moral code??? Many women wouldn't seek to have an abortion if they made a decent wage and had affordable health care so why don't you put your efforts into passing legislation to increase the minimum wage and make national healthcare a reality. I bet you'd be surprised at how much that would reduce the numbers of abortions. Oh, and since your side tends to be anti-birth control I'd suggest you also make sure that women of childbearing ability have all the access to that. We don't need more pharmacists telling women that they can't take birth control pills because it offends their moral standards. Of course I've "heard" of adoption. Golly, did I fall off the turnip truck today? Your arguments are based on emotion, my arguments are based on fact and experience. No one should force another to have a medical procedure against their will nor should you have the 'right' to impose your religious views on other women. You have no right to interfere in another woman's right to privacy. Banning abortion won't stop women from having an abortion it forces them to seek out an expensive and unsafe medical procedure that has a far greater chance of complications and death than having a safe procedure done by a qualified doctor. I took care of women who aborted themselves and it wasn't pretty. I found it rather disgusting to have a police officer come to her bedside when they should have been chasing real criminals. We have nearly a half a million children in foster care and almost half of those need homes. They may not be cute babies but they are no less deserving. As I have said so many, many times before, if you don't believe in abortion then don't have one. Work to make it a better world where few children are in foster care. Where they can be born wanted, have access to shelter, food, medical care, education and their mothers/parents can make a living wage so they don't have to worry if an unwanted pregnancy happens. You are the same kind of people who want to ban birth control. I find it outrages that people who work in pharmacies refuse to fill women's prescriptions for birth control pills because they 'don't believe' the have the right to prevent pregnancies. Why people feel they must force their brand of religious insanity down other women's throats I'll never know. There will always be cases where a woman's health requires having an abortion. Her life and health will ALWAYS take precedence over a hunk of cells as far as I'm concerned. There's no 'there' there when it comes to an embryo but a woman is very much 'here and now'. Besides tbcass, you still haven't addressed my comments regarding the fact that unless the woman is a member of your family you still have no right to interfere in her privacy. Again, it's none of your business so get on with YOUR life and let others live there's. You can't keep insisting that all pregnancies must be brought to birth and then just dump them out in the cold to fend for themselves..really, try and think this through. "Guess what? I'm an Atheist! I'm against abortion because I believe that it's wrong to take a human life period. I'm also against the death penalty. As a person with a degree in Biology I realize that Human life begins at conception."In other words, one human being can coerce another human being to provide services for them, regardless of whether the other human being (providing the services) consented to this contract of sorts? This is definitely true. Women and teenage girls should be educated about this and they should have used protection! Why do you think that abortion should be Legal? It's like killing a human. Why not give them the chance to live! Women make choices everyday! They made the choice to get pregnant and here are the consequences. They should learn from their mistakes and adoption is an option!!! Because an unwanted child can lead to an abused child, therefore they can choose adoption. Going to another topic...Gay marriage should be legal ! There are couples out there that really want to adopt a child in need but they can't. If you need the abortion because of rape or incest, medical complications should be allowed for them to get the abortion. Don't make the wrong choice if you can't handle the consequences!! Most abortions come from teenagers and they need to learn that abstinence is the way to go. Too much to say about this but i'll end it here. You're confusing that statement to mean that fetus is part of her body. That's not what we mean. We mean that the woman has the right to her womb (which is part of her body). As you said "Common sense concludes that nobody has the right to control the life or death of another person regardless of their location, age, or status (born or not)." But if you really meant that, your own common sense would conclude that the fetus does not have the right to control the life of another person. Since the fetus is inside the womb, the woman must live her life for that fetus. She gives up the right to control her life because of the location of the fetus. She must, even at risk to herself (and risk is not merely death, but also of stroke, hemmorrage, etc.), carry that unborn "child". It IS unfortunate, but it the design of nature... "God", whatever you want to say... that the fetus is carried by the woman instead of being laid as an egg. Wouldn't that be nice? Then the egg could be abandoned if she wanted and anyone having a problem with that could take up the responsibility of caring for it until it hatched (was born). The problem with saying that a woman has the rights to her womb ignores the potential child. I think it perfectly ridiculous to say that a woman can have an abortion is the fetus is mature enough to survive outside the womb. In fact, if it even close to being able to do so, the woman should not be allowed an abortion, but should have a c-section instead. The whole thing is not wanting to be pregnant... for whatever reason. So by having a different procedure done (and it really is about the same), the woman retains control over her body and the problem is solved of 100% death to the babe. If the baby dies, it is only because it was not able to survive. Note, I am not saying that the medical community must ignore it, rather that the woman is merely evicting something she doesn't want from her womb. She has absolved herself of responsibility from whatever happens to that fetus. Anyway. The ego that says the life of one is more valuable probably depends on where you're standing. Do you value the life of your child over the lives of 3,613 strangers? Do you value your life above that of 3,613 strangers? Of course you do. We all place greater value upon those we love and care about. Why is it unnatural to place greater value upon the rights of your womb than the rights of a stranger to use your womb as it wishes? The woman who chooses an abortion is merely choosing the right to keep her womb empty. The woman who chooses to remain pregnant is voluntarily giving up her rights, and her life, for the fetus. One is not a bad choice, and one an evil choice... we say we have individual rights, but pregnancy blurs the lines because one individual is actually inside the other. But the bottom line in this is that the woman utimately must be able to have control over her womb. Being able to have an abortion legally protects not only that right, but also the health and safety of the woman to do what is already in her rights to do. your exact words "But successful abortion carries a 100% rate of risk of death to the child"no duh, that's the whole point of abortion, is to KILL THE BABY. well actually that's MURDER Murder is a legal concept in which one autonomous, self-aware individual intentionally kills another. As a embryo/fetus has no legal status as a person, how can it be murdered? It can be killed, but it cannot be murdered. Your use of the term 'murder' is simply a linguistic device designed to appeal to emotion rather than reason. It is precisely this sort of emotive discourse that hinders rational debate. Bottom line....it is the womans choice. Who are WE to tell another woman what she can and cannot do with her own body??? you dont have to be for it...or against it....but if YOU were in predicament....where at a point in your life you were not prepared...wouldnt you want to be able to decide for yourself what to do??? granted....perhaps there should be a point in a pregnancy where if youre a certain amount of time along that abortion couldnt be preformed, but again....i wouldnt dare tell another woman what to do. i dont think pro choice is PROMTING abortion...but it IS promoting the right to choose. this is something i am greatful to have as a young woman. I think it is important to point out that, in the United States, a human "fetus" only a few days from being born has less rights than a dog. Is that right?And do people honestly think that a baby inside the womb is "part of the woman's body?" Women can reproduce new children with equal value to the aborted. The potential of any given child is unimportant in the context of it being possible, after an abortion, for a mother to reproduce many more children. Who is to say that a particular child has any more potential than the next? This argument is strengthened by the fact that women and couples typically aim to produce a certain number of children. Even if they abort a child (they'll still aim to produce the same number), so the quantity of newborns and potential is not diminished by the existence of abortion. A dog is not a person. Therefore, it does not have rights. Positive feelings about dogs should have no bearing on the discussion.A fetus is not a person. Therefore, it does not have rights. Negative feelings about the metaphysically independent status of women should have no bearing on the discussion. I'm not sure how you got the idea that animals and fetuses don't have rights. They do. And whether you like it or not, animals in this country have MORE rights than do fetuses (or children as some like to call them).So I ask: When does a fetus become a person? When it is 100% out of the womb? Can you kill it (as some do) 3/4 out or leave it to die in a utility closet by inducing early labor? Isn't this a moral question that should be taken with more gravity than dismissing it as a non-person to secure a woman's "right" to choose her convenience over responsibility for two peoples' actions in most cases? Properly, animals and fetuses do NOT possess individual rights. Rights belong only man. Only man possesses the rational faculty. Do you intend to reason with an animal? Do you intend to instruct neighborhood dogs not to defecate on your lawn or you will file a lawsuit? Do you intend to caution a wild bear that he will be arrested if he attacks you? Animals do not have rights because they cannot reason; they must be dealt with by force.The fact that some yahoo somewhere decides to pass a law protecting dogs and fetuses does not suddenly mean that animals and fetuses are rationally entitled to rights; it simply means that irrationality has taken hold in that yahoo's district.A fetus becomes a person at birth. That would be real birth, not what evangelicals arbitrarily redefine as birth. An abortion is not a birth.No one is simply dismissing anything. Reason is clear on this: A fetus is not a person. And the moral position is that an actual individual should not be treated as a means to the ends of other persons or non-persons. Animals, and fetuses, have a right to life at the very least. If they had no rights, then animal cruelty wouldn't be a problem, now would it?Where exactly do you get the notion that animals and fetuses have rights? Where do you get the notion that humans have rights? If you are rationally making the statement that a fetus becomes a person at birth (wherever you derive that standard from), what about that baby that is 3/4 out? What about a baby that can survive on its own after 8 months in the womb? What makes that magical instant where every inch of that baby is outside of the mother the key to its humanity?The coldness of the argument you present, along with the arbitrary nature of your declaration, is a little scary. Denying that abortion is a moral choice, and that the unborn and animals have any rights whatsoever is also scary. Animal cruelty is NOT a political problem, unless you are a collectivist. Although animal abuse should be condemned morally, it should not be illegal. Animals do not have rights and are the property of their owners. If you deny this, then you cannot claim a right to eat meat and wear leather. You have lost any principled argument you can make for these practices, and if you make pragmatic arguments, then you confess to being a murderer as well as a hypocrite. You also make a great leap down a very slippery slope. Degrees of "out of the birth canal" is not fundamental here; what is fundamental is the nature of the entity. Again, a fetus becomes a person at birth. The laws of nature eventually result in a fetus becoming survivable, fully formed, its organs functioning autonomously, and the whole organism becoming metaphysically independent, and at that time, the law of cause-and-effect induces childbirth. Nature, or reality, is what sets the standard, not medical technology or the arbitrary say-so of people. We must deal with a thing as it is, now how we can imagine it or emote it to be.Frankly, your question, "Where do you get the notion that humans have rights?" is scarier than any coldly rational argument I could ever make about anything. I also don't see you asking about the moral implications of the view that a pregnant woman should be forced into the metaphysical status of a plastic incubator. Might want to change "man" to "human". Just because a dog is not a 'person' it does not mean it does not, or should not have rights. It seems bizarre to me that people care more about the unborn foetus than they do about the millions of dogs and other non-human animals who are already alive and suffering at the hands of the human race. Person: 1. a human being. (define.com)Is a fetus a human being? YES: one of the many stages of development of a human being. Others are: zygote, morula, embryo, baby. toadler, teenager, adult, elder. We have a life of continuous development. From conception to death. these are facts not opinions.So Fetus=Human Being=PersonOther Human beings deprived of their personhood: Native americans and African American Slaves in the US, Jews in Nazi Germany, All the slaves in history: all considered property instead of persons. Dead bodies do not have rights. 1. Dead bodies kind of have rights: there is homocide with barbarity and cruelty. 2. I said stages of development, not stages. I said from conception to death. When someone dies it doesn't develop anymore, it's body starts decaying. If women can't be trusted with "choice", how can they be trusted with children? It is important that society trust in women and individuals to make the right moral choices. In regard to abortion, if women can't be trusted to make the right choice, how can they be trusted with children? Cannot be committed against a dead person. A dead body has no rights whatsoever. Legally, it has some PROTECTIONS, but protections do not equate to rights. THese protections are both a) sort of new, and b) not generalizable towards all corpses. Define development. Everything develops into something else. Corpses have stages of development. If you're defining life as a single-celled organism with a unique genetic code, corpses have a lot of those. What are these corpse's stages of developmnent you are talking about? How are they called?I talk about human life's development which starts at conception and ends with death. While there is much debate on when does the life of a human being begins, there is no doubt on when does this life ends.You said: Dead body is a stage of a human being. A stage of "what"? of a human being?. Surely not of the life of a human being because life, as everybody knows, ends with death.And: Dead bodies do not have rights. To which i answered "kind of" in the sense that to kill doing barbaric acts on a corpse(whichever) is worse than just plain murder. Babies ARE part of the mother. They are part of "her" body. Saying otherwise is ridiculous. Where does the baby receive life? From the mother giving it life by letting it live off of her food, water, blood, etc. Does everyone make wrong decisions? Yes. But if a man decides to make a poor decision by having unprotected sex with a woman, he can leave. Now this woman has part of a man in her that she doesn't want as well as no father to bring it into this world. Why does she have to suffer due to someone else being a coward? The government is not going to pay her enough to properly feed herself and take care of the baby before she can birth it to give to adoption. Unless the government says "Here's maternity pay at the rate you were receiving prior to your pregnancy as well as free food for the baby," why should she pay for this? It should be up to her to decide. I didn't realize that an adam's apple and male genetalia were a common part of a woman's anatomy. Tell me though, which part of the woman is this child? And why, unlike almost every other cell in her body, does this part not share the entirety of her DNA? its just selfish. ok, i'll exclude cases where there is some sort of complication. if it's a choice between abortion, and both people dieing, i dont have a problem with that.my main problem with it is that the man has absolutly no say in this. lets say a woman gets pregnant. the man wants the child, and the woman doesn't. the guy can kind of see it coming and may try to talk her out of it, but that's the best he can do. while the male half is already attached to the baby, the female half could be out there having his baby killed without him even knowing. a child that the man wants, and would take all responsability for. financial and otherwise. anything it takes to keep his child alive. it would be absolutely devastating when the guy finds that out.a sad story, yes? now lest say that story is true. we'll say that because it is. my baby was killed years ago, and it still hurts. i tried everything i could to keep my baby alive, and i failed. it was an impossible battle. I am sorry for your loss. Unfortunately, I believe that you are the exception. I am sure that there are many women out there who had abortions and would have kept the baby if they had the same level of support that you were willing to offer. Many women don't get that support. Alternatively on the point that men should be included in the debate, I have personally heard a few men exclaim that it is unfair that they made a mistake one night, and now have to pay child support for 18 years because they didn't have a say in the matter. So men's inclusion in the issue wouldn't necessarily lead to less abortion . I don't think that the government (or anyone else for that matter) should ever have control over women's reproductive choices. For instance, I would be just as strongly opposed to government mandated abortions as I am towards banning abortion all together. Many women, including myself, find it unfair that men enter the abortion debate because a man is intrinsically different than a woman. I don't have a say over a man's reproductive organs, nor do I think that I should. Similarly, I don't think that men, the government, other women, etc. should be able to tell a woman that she has to give up her body for 9 months, regardless of what she wants. It is making her a second class citizen and a prisoner to her own womb. Once again, I am sorry for your personal experience. Maybe people should decide as a couple where they stand on the abortion debate before engaging in sex. Even so, I guess that speculation about what you would do in the event of an unplanned pregnancy can't be comparable to when you are actually faced with the decision. Even rape victims can prevent their pregnancies. its called the morning after pill. since the egg hasn't implanted yet it can not be consitered an abortion since the woman isn't pregnant yet. murder is not legal so i'm not sure why abortion is even a debateRoe of roe vs. wade. is now pro life and fighting to over turn that death sentence This would almost be a decent compromise, except rape is a lot more complicated than that. Many times violence is also involved in rape, and in a hospital emegency room your immediate health is what they are focused on, and you may not be able to get a pill within that 24 hour window. And there are many places that refuse to sell morning after pills. What happens then if you live in a small town and the only pharmacy around won't give it to you? What if they're raped by a family member, and can't get away within 24 hrs? What if you can't afford the pill? It can cost more than $300 to get one from a hospital ER, which is the only thing open during off-hours. Say what you might against abortion, rape victims should always have that option. This includes statutory rape. No 15 year old should have their dreams shattered by being forced to have a baby, be it by violent rape, being coerced into sex by an older male, incest, or anything else that may have been out of their control. but i am responding as a rape victim. i am holding in my arms the results of that rape. my son is the world to me. an abortion would be just as tramatizing as a rape For some women having the rapist's child would be more traumatizing than abortion . You are a very brave and strong woman. You had the choice though, to continue the pregnancy or not. That option should be available to all women, whether or not you personally agree with their ultimate decision. The "dialysis" analogy is invalid; pregnancy is unique One of the most famous arguments against abortion is the "dialysis analogy" put forward by Judith Jarvis in 1971. It compares abortion to a situation in which a healthy woman (the mother by analogy) is attached to a dying patient (the fetus by analogy) in order to keep the dying patient alive. The concept is that the dying person does not have a right to the woman's body, and that the woman has a right to "unplug" (abort) even if it means the death of the other person. The problem with the analogy is many fold: 1. A woman and a fetus have a special relationship that is incomparable to that between a woman and a stranger or even a relative. There is a special biological drive inside the mother to keep the baby alive and a dependency by the baby on the mother. The mother, therefore, has a special responsibility to keep her child alive and not abort; 2. A woman often gives a form of tacit approval to the existence of a fetus in her womb: the act of engaging in sexual behavior; 3. abortion directly kills the embryo and does not merely "unplug" and let it die. These are critical differences that invalidate a classic, central argument for abortion. If abortion is murder in some cases, then it is murder in every case. If a fetus has rights, then there is no moral basis to make an exception for rape. That just takes the rape victims feelings into account, which can't be put above the rights of the fetus. is not the right to exist under any and all sets of circumstances. No human being has that right. And the development of the distinctive characteristic of human being's to reason and make judgments is the operative context in which the law defines the ages at which the full support of (recognition) and weight of (punishment)the law extends in any set of circumstances. Children, for example, do not, under normal circumstances, have the right to decide how they will be raised. By the same token, parents do not have the right to beat a child into submission, either. In both cases, it is the adults who are in judgment, not the children. Since it is the adults who are considered to be 'of the age of majority' it is they to who have the right to raise their child and they who are punished for the abuse. You make a distinction between conception and implantation? How is the fetus less of a human before implantation. If you argue that there is something that has rights because of a unique combination of genetics, then IUDs and Morning After pills are murder and implantation has no relevance.If, instead, you argue that implantation is the important event, then I would wonder, why not some other event in development? Gastrulation is a miracle, so is the rearrangement of the MHC complex (where the fetus defines what is self and what is other). How about a heart beat or a first breath. They all seem like equally momentous events in the creation of a new human being. One could look at the womb as an organic life support system. If someone is alive, but needs mechanical aid to breath, then taking that away would be murder. One could reason that the same would be true if it were non-mechanical. On the other hand, if someone needed life support, and they were in the process of trying to get it from you without your consent, then denying it would probably not be murder. If it did not pose a hardship to provide the aid, then it might be depraved indeifference to human life, but if it did impose a hardship it might not even be that. Too many times hospital ER's (usually Catholic) refuse to give woman the information that they can take the 'morning after' pill or pharmacists refuse to give them out because it's 'against their religion'. Hence the rape victim must then resort to the medical procedure. The morning after pill has a failure rate. What do you suggest for these women who have taken Plan B after rape, and the Plan B fails? Then what? I was pro-choice for many years, ever since I knew what abortion was. As much as I hate to admit to being wrong, I was definitely wrong on my stance on abortion. The horrors of the procedure are real, and the results are absolutely devastating. Just look at pictures of aborted fetuses with their arms and heads chopped off. It's truly a disgusting thing. We also now know that these fetuses can indeed feel pain, therefore it is a very abrupt, painful death to an unborn child. Most women who have them regret their decision. For all you know you might have just aborted the person who found the cure for cancer or diabetes. However, we'll never know as they didn't get a chance. Abortion is unethical and those who perform them are murderers. That those who regret their decision do so because they don't understand the fundamental moral right they have to make it? The issue has not been well-defended. See the comment from the Ayn Rand Center. those who regret it do so because they know the have killed their baby. my mother says this after her abortion 27 years ago your mother feels that she killed her baby, of course she regrets that -- particularly if she felt that having a baby would have been a good thing. And she must have. She had at least one other child -- you.But bagpiper2005 said 'most' and I wanted to issue a ittle challenge to get some more thinking along with the obvious emotion that, for some understaable reeasons, goes with this issue.If we have had children and wanted them and loved them we can, mistakenly I believe, see our own child being killed. What a devistating thing that would be!As ARC has commennted on this thread, it is the first trimester that is the basic issue. Though I am not associated with ARC, I agree. Rights are recognized in context. And in the context of a woman's adult life, it is her right to decide, within the first trimester, that must be recognized. If, after she decides on an abortion, she is remorseful, that is certainly sad. But her remorse is not grounds for denying the righ to an abortion to those who regret having a child and kill them -- either physically or emotionally -- after they are born.AF The right to choice/privacy (abortion) does not override the right to life Jesse Jackson, U.S. civil rights activist, now in favor of legal abortion, in National Right to Life News, (January, 1977) - "There are those who argue that the right to privacy is of [a] higher order than the right to life ... that was the premise of slavery. You could not protest the existence or treatment of slaves on the plantation because that was private and therefore outside your right to be concerned." Thus, even if a woman has a right to her body and to "choice", this right is overridden by the fetus's right to life. And, what could be more important than life? All other rights, including the mothers right to choice, surely stem from a prior right to life; if you have no right to any life, then how do you have a right to an autonomous one? The woman may ordinarily have a reasonable right to control her own body, but this does not confer on her the entirely separate (and insupportable) right to decide whether another human lives or dies. "Just look at pictures of aborted fetuses with their arms and heads chopped off." Okay, look at pictures of fetuses. Do they look like actual people? No, of course not. They look like fetuses. That is because they are fetuses, not human beings. "...unborn child." Contradiction in terms. Children have been born. A fetus is not a child."For all you know you might have just aborted the person who foudn teh cure for cancer or diabetes." People are not aborted. Fetuses get aborted. Fetuses are not people."...those who perform them are murderers." Murder means to deliberately kill another human being justifiably. Fetuses are not human beings. Therefore, those who perform abortions are not murderers. I meant "unjustifiably" in that last paragraph. Apologies. - A fetus at 39 weeks: looks just like my son 5 minutes after birth ( )A fetus at 15 weeks: head, body, arms, legs, fingers, toes, eyes... that's not a cat ( )An embryo at 9 weeks: i not know exactly what it was, but it is definitely an animal (not a plant) and it has a head, arms, legs, fingers. ( )An embryo at 6 week: just by looking I would have not idea what this was ( )Conclusion: a fetus looks remarkably like a newborn human person; there must be a connection.(I couldn't find actual pictures, so the medical style depictions will have to do for now. Can someone find actual pictures?) But even if it were, you would have a very poor one. A fetus simply looks like a fetus. It can clearly be identified as such. Imagining it as a person doesn't make it so. I guess you did not look at the pictures. Even a 3 year old will identify a fetus as a human baby... mine did, and she is not unique in that respect.I'll expound on this tomorrow. If you don't want a baby, Then keep your legs crossed and/or use protection!!!!!!!!!Yes an embryo is a stage in life like an infant, adolescent, adult and etc.It is human. Why be selfish and take a life just so you can live yours all happy after. Take responsibility!!! ;DIt's not that complicated. And the logic follows. If you don't want to have an abortion , don't have one. How and why do you think that an embryo is not an alive and living soon to be human being? Ok, this is actually kinda funny..Technically fetuses are not people, but come on Wendy.. Fetuses eventually WILL BE people and children, without question if they weren't KILLED. So, how is any of this relevant? And also, a murderer is someone who takes another's life.. and that is exactly what they are doing when KILLING A CHILD or fetus or whatever you would like to justify it as to make yourself feel better. I do not understand how people would want to kill their own child when they knew all along that pregnancy could happen. I do not see why the child should have to suffer for their parents horrible decisions..a baby is so innocent..they have done nothing wrong to the world...so have the child and bless someone else with the privilege that one is taking for granted. Using your 'logic' then every woman of child bearing age must be constantly pregnant because not fertilizing every one of her developed eggs would mean the 'death' of a potential human being or that every man's ejaculate should be preserved because each sperm could result in a 'potential' human. Again, this issue will never be resolved because I don't consider abortion 'murder'. To me an embryo is a potential person but the woman IS the person therefor her rights and her health are paramount. End of discussion. Don't believe in abortion...don't have one. Women should be held responsible for behavior leading to impregnation. If one does not want to have a baby, they should not have sex, or they should take extreme precaution when having sex. Sex is not a game. It is a serious matter of reproduction and life. If a woman plays with it and becomes pregnant, she should be held responsible to carry out the birth of her child. And, it should be noted that the responsibility could end at child-birth, with it being possible to put a child up for adoption. The consequences of an unwanted pregnancy need not be major, but they must be born by the mother and father. Wendy, or anyone for that matter, prove that a human embryo, or a human fetus, is NOT a human being; note that being is definded as something having the quality of existence, something that actually exists, or a life - Webster's.So to rephrase, you must now validate your claim by proving that a living human embryo/fetus is not an actually existing human life. See all my other posts on this forum, but particularly my recent one in which I show that you are definition dodging in your use of the word "human" and also explain that "alive" is not the essence of "person," and show how there is no basis for claiming that the two concepts together have significance synergistically. But seriously, I've seen your posts, nowhere do you refute the HUMANITY of a HUMAN embryo/fetus. Can I be any more blunt? You cannot prove the absence of the subject, nor can you deny the race (the human race) to which he/she belongs. Therefore, and since I have here proven that an unborn human is still a human being; and since it is also true that said humans are alive, they are therefore, by definition, persons. End of case. I believe I refuted the "humanity" of fetuses when I pointed out on multiple occasions that they do not possess consciousness or metaphysical independence. I could be mistaken, but there are no known fetuses who give to their favorite non-profit, write great works, or express admiration for sublime music and poetry. Let me know when that happens, and I will be glad to revise my concept of fetuses. Heck, I would even give way if they merely showed their humanity by considerately offering their unwilling, burdened hosts a break by taking up residence in an incubator somewhere instead.But since you like dictionaries, dodge this: "1. The quality of being human; the peculiar nature of man, by which he is distinguished from other beings."--Webster's Revised Unabridged 1996.Hmmm...What is peculiar to man? By what is he distinguished from other beings? The rational faculty. Aristotle already proved this. pig fetuses?By the way, I don't recall any proof that the fetus lacks the 'rational faculty,' and since you're bringing it up, the burden of proof is on you. However, just because a being doesn't speak, doesn't mean it's irrational. Furthermore, if you're going to differentiate between beings, then you must include supernatural beings (whether or not they exist) into your assertion, since God is a rational being (even if only in concept), your logic dictates that He must be a man, hence your choice of differentiation is flawed. thats true i looked at the pictures of the fetuses thats just a crying shame. and the babies look so sad and scary lol. i chose not have an abortion but i did have my baby so i have experienced it. Does a fetus looks like we expect it to look? Does we expect it to look like a baby?Does we expect a baby to look like an adult? No of course. Still the three of them are all humans beings and all are in continuous development. Child: 2.a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age. (define.com) Since the offspring comes into existence at conception it is absolutely correct to say "...unborn child."Person: 1. a human being. (define.com) "[The zygote], formed by the union of an oocyte and a sperm, is the beginning of a new human being." Keith L. Moore, Before We Are Born: Essentials of Embryology, 7th edition. Philadelphia, PA: Saunders, 2008. p. 2.Fetuses are human beings at a early stage of development. They are the same entity that through development evolves from zygote to embryo then fetus and then baby and so on until death.You are right about one thing: it is not Murder: UNLAWFUL premeditated killing of a human being by a human being (define.com). It is homocide: the killing of a human being by another human being(define.com) Those gruesome pictures the pro-pregnancy crowd likes to display are not the usual aborion procedure. Late term abortion are usually rare and only to save the life of the mother. Besides, these pictures have been around for decades so they were probably done ages ago. The majority of abortions happen in the first trimester and you'd be hard pressed to find anything that looks human. In fact, it would require a microscope to find the embryo. You have every right to consider abortion an act of "murder" even though there isn't a fully formed human involved. Just remember, it's the woman is the fully formed human with feelings, a life, and a future. Your God aborts almost half of all conceptions in the first 8 weeks so I guess God isn't so anti-abortion as you are. Late term abortions are the exception not the norm. The majority of abortions are performed in the first trimester and you'd need a microscope to see the results of that. Those pictures that you speak of are over 40 years old. Many of these were performed in places outside of the US where they didn't have more sophisticated medical means of termination. Late term abortions are only done if the mother's health is at stake. In other words, she's at risk of imminent death or in some cases if the fetus won't survive birth and it puts the woman at risk. Again, you don't believe in abortion don't have one. What other women do in their decision making is none of your business and you have no right to make those decisions for them. To you it's unethical and you consider it murder. To the majority of us, we consider it a health issue and a privacy issue. I wouldn't support a country that forces a woman to have an abortion against her will anymore than I would support a nation that forces a woman to give birth against her will. It's a privacy issue. Unless you are willing to pony up more tax dollars to help support these 1.2 million more births I'd suggest you should stop passing judgment on the decisions of those 1.2 million women who have to make difficult choices regarding their lives. Until the fetus is able to breath on it's own, it's still considered part of the woman's body. It's stupid and selfish to force a million more children to be born into poverty and suffering when you continue to ignore the one's here who need help. You'll never find enough people to adopt a million children per year every year. Besides, not every woman would want to put them up for adoption. If women were making a living wage, had affordable health insurance, housing, affordable childcare, you'd be surprised at how many fewer abortions were done every year. Why not but more of your time and energy into those problems and help get those put into place instead of browbeating women over their private decisions? Here you can look at more recent pictures of abortions: /?/print/14/These are graphics of abortion procedures: (9 weeks fetus) (14 weeks) (23 weeks viable fetus)Extract from plannedparenthood: "Either a hand-held suction device or a suction machine gently empties your uterus". Still think this is gently? The fetus causes physical pain; the woman has a right to self-defense. The fetus causes sickness, discomfort, and and extreme pain to a woman during her pregnancy and labor. It is, therefore, justifiable for a woman to pursue an abortion in self-defense. A woman's rights are not the only rights that need to be respected in abortion: Of course, human-rights should be respected, but it is never the case that a person has a right to make a decision with no reference to the rights and wishes of others. There are two primary rights that must be considered in addition to the rights of the woman. First, the father has some rights over the fetus. Second, the fetus itself may have some rights. The point is merely that the woman's interests and rights cannot be the only ones under consideration. I'm almost at the end of my reproductive years, so I will not be personally burdened by any future government rulings on the subject. My darling daughter however, is just beginning her reproductive years, I want her and her children to continue to have the right not to bear any ill-conceived offspring. For us, our family would simple cough up the money for a plane ride for someplace where a legal and safe abortion could still be obtained. But what's a poor woman to do? Butcher herself? Or face the risk of childbirth with a child that she did not love and did not obtain proper prenatal care for? Sigh, as if we need more kids like that around. "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness." - Declaration of IndependenceI cite this since I'm assuming we're talking about American Law, and to note that this inherrently axiomatic assumption by the 'Founding Fathers' is why this wasn't addressed in the Bill of Rights or the Constitution. On a side note: the existence of a Creator is herein considered the basis for all American law, and therefore the lack of consideration (or abolition thereof) removes any premise to consider any right of anything whatsoever (including 'choice').From high school biology, the cell is the fundamental unit of life; if there exists a living cell (whether whole or otherwise), there exists life. The distinguishing factor between humans and everything else, if nothing else, is our DNA. Human DNA is unique and quite distinctive; as is generally phenotypically (according to looks) obvious.As was stated before; the presence (or lack thereof) of appendages or other parts (eyes, ears, etc.) is irrelevant and arbitrary; otherwise we could justify the murder of the legless. Therefore it is likewise irrelevant in qualifying a human being for fundamental rights (in this case, life). On what grounds do you claim human DNA as the "distinguishing factor?" On what grounds can you now logically object to granting inalienable rights to human unfertilized eggs, sperm cells, and tumors?Supernatural entities as the basis of individual rights is an irrational concept. And in practice, despite the flowery language, religion has never served as the basis of our politico-economic system. It simply isn't, and that is a fact. Our system is a secular one, based on the predominant ideas of the Enlightenment, and it should remain that way. DNA is what distinguishes any organism from every other, according to science (Biology specifically). Again, we're talking about HUMAN DNA. I'm sure you'd agree that something like bipedality is trivial. Tumors aren't organisms - they're part of an organism; or rather the corruption thereof. Unfertilized eggs & sperm don't have complete DNA; only half; and again, aren't complete organisms, only part of another organism. The union of a human sperm cell, and human egg, produces a new human being - (see the above).Now the debate isn't about the theological foundations of the United States of America; though it's undeniable. If you don't like it (whether rational or otherwise), you are free to move - China has a nice Godless government; Russia does too. However; the argument is purely logical. If you deny a Creator, you deny any reasonable source for the "inalienable rights", and therefore all rights, including the so-called 'right to choose', since there is no longer any rational basis for equality. Justice, Morality, and Ethics are inherently non-secular. If our system were truly secular and based on the Enlightenment, there would be no reference to a Creator, and the First Amendment would never have included anything remotely pertaining to religion.As for the practice, where else do you get laws against murder, rape, and theft, except from religion? Relativism holds no standard, for the one on trial can always say "well that may be good for you but ..."Now you may object that the law isn't relative, but that which has a relativ basis is inherently relative. Thus if our justice/legal system is based on something as relative as 'cultual/social norms', it is likewise, fundamentally relative.But this is a tangent and I'll discuss it no further.You're job is to refute that an embryo or fetus isn't a human being. There's only 2 ways: 1. they aren't human (they are); 2. they aren't living beings (they are).If you claim something as obscure as dependency, then you are no more protected than they are, for you are not biologically or ecologicaly or socially independent, and therefore your reasoning for abortion could be extended to you. If you make the claim 'it doesn't look human' that only applies within the first 3 wks, and then your ratioale could also apply to the handicapped - or even people of different hair, eye, or skin color. Traveling down the Hitlerian road, now, are we? Since there is very little in the way of DNA differences between chimps and humans, 0.8% difference in sequence identity, and there is a .2% average difference between whites and blacks, does that mean that blacks have a sub-white status? Or do we bring apes into the inalienable individual rights fold? Tell me, please, what is the cutoff number?Biologically, DNA is only half the story. A LOT of unique things have to happen inside a cell and modifications must be made TO its DNA in order for a fertilized egg to even develop into a fetus, so don't call on biology to help you with this argument. A scientist will merely shrug and tell you that what defines a species is reproductive isolation - not DNA.Merely having human DNA does not make a fetus a person. DNA may be a precondition of an organism, but it is not fundamental to this discussion. What is fundamental is the actual nature of the entity involved. A fetus is not a person. Yes, yes you apparently are, for I but mirror your argument. Now, since you bring it up, the first and primary (and therefore legal) definition of the word person is "Human Individual" or humand being - Webster's.So what makes a human being? DNA for one. Like you said, there are other factors, but development isn't one of them, and niether is age. There is, however, another way to determine one's humanity; when both parents of the child are human. Since there has yet to be shown (and never can be) any incident where two organisms of the same species successfully reproduced a member of a different species (hence the 're' in 'reproduce'). So human parentage is your latest criteria? This is starting to bore me. So you are saying that if there were cognitively advanced alien life forms and we ever encountered them, they would not have rights since they are not human and certainly not of human parentage? And if they do have rights, what is the basis for those rights, since the aliens are not "persons?" Or are they? Why? What does your Webster's have to say about that?What about anencephalic fetuses of human parentage?You keep changing your criterion for personhood. First it was body parts/general morphology, then random physiological characteristics, then DNA, then parentage. Each time, I invalidated your criterion, so like a Darwinian species, you evolved and latched onto another one. You have now reached the point where you in effect argue for multiple criteria for personhood to keep your argument going, but you cannot specify which ones are essential, and why they are essential.If you continue to follow your line of argument with the alien example and on to its logical conclusion, you will either reach the same self-contradictory end that you keep reaching, or, if you made a serious intellectual effort to resolve the contradictions as you keep increasing the number of characteristics that go into a human, you would reach my point: Concepts, e.g., "persons," are ultimately referenced demonstrably--that is a person, there is another person--and they include all their characteristics. The only way to know what is a human being is by looking at reality, not inward into your consciousness. Reality exists independent of the human mind, reality does not reside IN definitions, and the function of the mind is to look at reality and integrate its observations into concepts. If you do so, you will literally see that a fetus is not the same thing as a person. A definition's function is to distinguish a class of existents from each other, not to dictate or replace reality (or one's grasp of it). You're the one who's claiming body parts as criteria, as per your question of ancephalics, who are recognized as human beings (even you would, if you'd let 'em live long enough), I never did.I've never changed any criteria for humanity (to say that it no longer was), I've elaborated, and suggested additional criterion, always stating that it's unwise to restrict one's basis for humanity to any particular criteria (plural form intended).I still maintain that DNA is a major factor for determining humanity, though you'd know that if you'd even read my last post, I clarify my position that DNA may be essential (depending upon whether there is any truly distinctive set of genes for humanity), but parentage certainly is, as per all known empirical evidence, like produces like.You have yet to invalidate any of my arguments; you haven't even given a source for your percentages, which are highly unbelievable.I have yet to contradict myself, and you have yet to say anything substantial.By the way, if you look at a fetus, it does look like a human being, except for size and development, in fact the distinguishing characteristic of a fetus is that it has the "basic structural plan of its kind" - Webster's - which means all bones, organs, and tissues, whether functional or otherwise. "The Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion" - Treaty of Tripoli, 1797, signed by John Adams, passed unanimously by the Senate, with no sign of public dissent.In other words, the government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion. Straight from the horse's mouth, it doesn't get any clearer than that. The Founders conscientiously derived their secular political philosophy from Enlightenment ideas. It deliberately recognized and secured individual rights, a unique historical achievement. Religion never has, and in fact, has only ever acted against it. Tell us, what does the Bible have to say about individual rights, checks and balances, veto power, Constitutional amendments, bicameral legislatures, republican government, enumerated powers, etc.? I thought so.Moral relativism vs. religion is a false alternative promulgated by religionists. Objectivism, the philosophy of Ayn Rand, provides the secular, absolute, rational basis for individual rights and the American system of government. It does so flawlessly, unlike religion, which has only ever caused an erosion of individual rights. Its ethics is fully secular. It is not based on moral relativism. Objectivism formalizes what every culture knows: That legal prohibitions against murder, rape, theft, etc., are necessary to secure the lives of its members. A fetus is not *metaphysically* independent. That is the fundamental issue. The other types of dependence are worse than irrelevant: Every living thing is biologically interdependent.An embryo or fetus is what it is. No one denies the facts that I have stated about their nature. What is denied is their significance, in order to make room for a religious interpretation. There is no escaping it: Either reason or religion must be used to answer this question. And religion is not a valid basis for government. Further, reason clearly states that the burden of proof is on you to establish that a fetus is a person entitled to individual rights, not on me to disprove it. The scale of abortions makes state intervention compelling Some argue that abortion is an individual moral choice that the state should not get involved with. Yet, when an individual moral choice is practiced on a massive scale, it becomes a concern for broader society and government as well. Funny that you should be using metaphysics in an argument; but thanks for making my point: dependence isn't a criteria for life, humanity, or lack thereof. Okay, good, so who cares about pig embryos? In other words, a fetus and an embryo are both living beings; more specifically we're talking about HUMAN embryos and fetuses, and thus HUMAN beings, and therefore we are talking about persons, the plural of which is people. Thank you once again for making my case.Now, I believe you are confusing this argument with arguments for existence in which the burden of proof is logically one-sided. We're not debating whether unborn human beings (persons) exist, that's already proven. We're debating whether these beings are human or not. You can prove whether or not they're human; I have. Now the burden of proof still remains with you that they are not human, or not alive. You cannot make either case, because the contrary to both of these assertions is false. First, religion is entirely based on faith. Faith is a means of knowledge other than reason. Religion and reason are irreconcilable. Second, metaphysics is not a religious concept; it is a philosophical one, so it is not funny at all that I should mention it. Third, you are putting words in my mouth. I clearly said that independence--metaphysical independence--IS a criteria for personhood, an absolute requirement. That is because a person has an independent, functioning human consciousness. A fetus by its very nature does not have that. You are the one obsessed with physical and biological dependence and interdependence and umbilical cords, not me.Finally, you have not proven anything; you have simply definition dodged again. You are in a beg the question situation. When we talk about "pig" or "human" embryos, we are referring to their biological heritage (from Homo sapiens), not their moral-legal status (person). The biological heritage usage constitutes an alternate definition of the word. Indeed, in another post, you do go so far as to say that "human parentage" is what makes the definition of a human being or person, and since these fetuses are of human parentage, they are therefore human beings or persons. I have already invalidated human parentage as the essence of the concept "person" in another post.I have also invalidated "alive" as the essence of personhood. It is simply a precondition. Nor is there any basis for claiming that "alive" and "of human parentage" together have significance synergistically. Again, in another post, I explain that fetuses and humans are what they are out there in reality; they are not their definitions or an assembly of random characteristics. Blind Faith is a means of knowledge other than reason, pure faith is based on reason i.e. you have faith that the air you breath is beneficial to your health because of the reason that you know that the oxygen (which you take by faith to be in the air) is required for cellular respiration (a process that you also take on faith - as is the case with almost all of your knowledge).metaphysics is the 'study' of the theoretical especially the supernatural, and it is funny because you're trying to sound like naturalism supports your cause; furthermore the distinction between the religious and the philosophical is negligible.So you're saying that the presence of a soul is the requirement for personhood, and are requiring proof that it inhabits the being from conception? I therefore challenge you, prove that you have a soul.If conciousness is your criteria, a fetus is conscious of itself and its surroundings; it can feel pain, for one proof, as evidenced by its neurosystem if nothing else. Furthermore, what about the victims of accidents who fall unconscious: do they suddenly lose their humanity? So then, someone could legally kill you if they knocked you out first and did it while you were out, right? But you still failed to prove that a fetus, at any stage lacks consciousness - or that it matters. Techincally, you are the one obsessed with 'phyisical/biological dependence and ubilical cords'; I've repeatedly said they're irrelevant - that's the point. Semantics. The biological heritage is the most verifiable criterion for personhood. A person, by official, authoritative definition, is a living human being. Their biological heritage is the foundation of their moral-legal status.Now, I never claimed that life was a component of humanity (it's not a prerequisite either though, as many dogs are also alive); but you can't kill a corpse, so the question of life is relevant and therefore has 'synergistic significance.'Now, I've clearly stated my definitions. I draw them from the dictionary. You have failed even on this count, and you have failed to independently support your position whatsoever. I love how for so many years women have fought for women's rights and we use it to kill our own children. Pretty sad. Wow - the vote option of this web site shows something like 70% pro-abhortion.I'm shocked and sad.As for myself, I seem to be in the minority and agree with Mother Thersa (although I am not Catholic). She said:"It is a poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish." I posted below. Perhaps you didn't read it. The issue is not when life begins, or if there is a life at all. The issue has to do with right of the individual to retain the right to her body. Simply because there is another life involved doesn't resolve this issue. If it is such a poverty that a child must die so that you may live as you wish, I would just be curious to know which child you donated your kidney to. Or how many times you've given bone marrow so that a child may live who would otherwise die. If you say that the government has the right to decide what to do with your body parts, you would be forced into giving away a kidney so that another might live. If you say the government has a right to decide what you with your body parts you would be forced to endure the painful process of bone marrow transplant. While it is indeed a sad fact that abortion occurs, it's only logical to say we cannot make the choice for a woman in regards to her womb. We cannot govern another's body parts based on emotional appeals. We cannot govern your kidney or my bone marrow based on emotional appeals that doing so will save lives. Our bodies are ours completely. A fetus, zygote, baby, etc. depends upon another human for life. That woman has right to govern her body. I'm against the choice to:Drink and driveCommit armed robberyRapeStealMurder (publicly or privately, regardless of victim's any (other) crime you can think of.of course there's always another life involved in each of these scenarios, yet they're resolved. Your error comes from the fact that boys aren't part of women. the Y chromosome is completely foreign to them, therefore the human embryo or fetus isn't a body part; the loss of a body part always, intrinsically results in some degree of harm to the organism, the destruction of an embryo results in the ultimate degree of harm, but not to the mother, not intrinsically at least.So, if I use my hand [body part] to shoot you, you're fine with that, right?Does a man then have the right to choose what to do with his loins?You too are dependent upon another human for life; you're just not attatched by an umbilical cord. Does that mean we have the right to decide whether you live or die? My error? I never said anything about chromosomes, nor mentioned anything about a whole fetus or a whole human as being a body part. If the government has a right to govern a woman's womb (a part of her body... as in... body part), you do no retain the right to any of your body parts. You do not retain the right to you bone marrow, nor your blood, nor one of your kidneys, as those things don't belong to you. They can be taken at will whenever the need arises because the use will save a life. Where you get this retarded analogy of shooting me with your hand, I'm not quite sure. And that's a very good point. If the government has the right to tell a woman what she can and cannot do with her womb, then the government also has the right to tell a man what he can and cannot do with his sperm. If the government wants it - they'll get it because you no longer retain the rights to whatever your body produces, or sustains. The same for the eggs of the same woman. The very point of dependency IS the umbilical cord. You nor I are dependent for life upon anyone else. If we cannot survive because we are too stupid to know what to do - that is our own fault. I do not depend upon someone else to breathe for me, feed me, keep me warm, etc. You do not depend upon anyone else for the same things. If someone wanted to attach themselves to you for nine months in order to live, you have every right to say "Thank you, but no." The rights to your body parts are immutable. This doesn't mean you can do whatever you want to with your hands. It means no one can take it away from you. It doesn't mean you can spit on whomever you want to, it means no one can demand that you give them your spit or face jail and fines. It means no one can take your bone marrow from you. It means you are not responsible for giving blood. It means you do not HAVE to give your Aunt Judy a kidney nor anyone else for that matter. It doesn't matter if someone else will live or die based on your choice. YOU have the immutable right to your body. It may be crappy that a person (or a potential person) will "die" or just not live because you choose to retain your rights, but fortunately for you - and everyone else - you have those rights. The rights to my womb and vagina are immutable. The rights to you testicals and what goes on in there are immutable. If you say that because a life is at stake that a woman does not have the right to her body or any of its parts, you say our bodies are not our own. In which case - I you had better be registered and prepared to donate your bone marrow, and your kidney. You should have a living will that gives away your eyes, and your heart and whatever else is salvageable in the event you're made brain dead, or it's clear you won't live. Since you seem to be so big on this "life" thing, and the idea that our body parts do not belong to our own selves. I now understand what exactly proponents of abortion mean when they put forward this idea of "my body, my choice." It had never made sense to me before, probably because I was looking more at the fetus, and less at the womb. Now that that clarification has been made, and the position has been truly explained well, I think it will be much easier to come to an understanding. This is certainly the best argument for abortion that I have ever heard. I think there is an issue separating abortion and refusing to give up a kidney, and that issue is that of activity vs. passivity. A child in need of a kidney will die unless you give it to him. Refusing to do so would cause the child to die, but it would not be actively killing him. Doing nothing would cause the child to die, but action would save him. It is very difficult, if not impossible, (as it should be) for the government to require a person to take action to save a life. An abortion, on the other hand, is actively killing the child. Doing nothing would allow the child to live. Taking action to ensure that another human dies, whether they are dependent upon your body parts or not, is generally illegal. Unfortunately, there aren't many good analogies for the unique relationship a fetus has with its mother. A possibility could be siamese twins. I'm not sure how well this analogy will work out, but I'm going to go out on a limb and say that actively killing and removing your siamese twin because she relies on your heart and she inconveniences you would be more equivalent to abortion than denying a child your kidney. Of course, this example doesn't take into account whether a fetus is a person, which brings us right back to where we started. In the opening scene, the McManus brothers are sitting in church and then get up to kiss the feet of the crucified Christ while the Father gives a sermon. He tells the story of how this girl was stabbed in broad daylight... "and no one so much as called the police." At the end of the scene, as the brothers are walking out, he says "Now, we must all fear evil men. But there is another evil.. which we must fear even more. and that is the INDIFFERENCE of good men." The claim that inactions are not as harmful as actions is a fallacy. What we choose to ignore because it's an inconvenience to us to face the truth bears the same moral condemnation of the actual actions that are considered to be "evil", or wrong. A woman gets an abortion for many reasons... mainly though, because it's inconvenient for her to be pregnant. Why don't I donate my bone marrow? Because it's inconvenient. I'm choosing to kill someone through my inaction. I, at the very least, recognize this. I'll probably end up taking action and registering at some point, but at this point in my life - it's not convenient for me to do so. For now though, I am still morally wrong for what I do NOT do, as morally a woman who aborts is wrong for what she does. Anyway. That's a good movie.You should rent it if you've not seen it. Under a "veil of ignorance", the unborn would adopt a pro-life social contract The "veil of ignorance" is a notion put forward by liberal philosopher John Rawls. This idea relates to the social contract people would adopt if they were effectively unborn spirits under a "veil of ignorance" regarding where they would "end-up" in life. The conclusion is that everyone would adopt a social contract that hedges against poor outcomes if they get the "short-end of the stick". Abortion could be considered the "shortest stick" (death - no life at all), so it is likely that, under a "veil of ignorance", the unborn would would adopt a pro-life social contract. It is notable that this social contract theory is tenant of liberal thought, and yet liberals are most supportive of abortion. There may be an inconsistency there. Unfortunately, it is not relevant here. We have already established that it is immoral to have an abortion , and I never said that it was moral to refuse a dying person your kidney. Really, it's pretty cold. Nor did I say that it was not as harmful. In both situations, someone ends up dead. The debate however, was not about the morality or the harmfulness of either. It was about the government's ability to make laws. The government cannot make laws requiring you to go out and actively save lives. There are no "Good Samaritan" laws. If there were, Ted Kennedy would be in prison, not the Senate. Murder, the active killing of another person, on the other hand, is illegal. There might not be a moral difference, but there is a legal one. Morality and the amount of damage done have nothing to do with it. that a serial killer should be allowed to shoot as many people as he wants because he finds their lives inconvenient? While I recommend your post, what we need to consider is the notion of a justifiable homicide (i.e. self defense), which, while it rarely comes up with regard to abortion in the US, is nevertheless a concern.The solution is that abortion should be legal , just like shooting a gun, but it needs to be looked at just like any other killing. Most abortions are murders, and the mothers are at worst accomplices - the ' doctors ' are the murderers. You can do whatever you want to your womb, but when you start doing stuff to a fetus inside your womb, that's different.By the way, in this entire post you make this assumption: that the fetus is just part of the woman's body. Also, men's body parts are restricted. Notably with regards to rape and gunfire: can't go sticking things anywhere one pleases, can't adjust one's fingers when there's a gun between them pointed at someone else's head. Again, you can do what you want with your body, it's when you affect someone else's body that there's a problem; and a fetus is another body: fact of biology, women don't have male genetalia as part of their anatomy, but baby boys do (even before birth). okay. either you didn't read it, or you don't understand it. that's okay. there's nothing wrong with you if you didn't. "you can do what you want with your body, it's when you affect someone else'se body that there's a problem; and a fetus is another body"so you've just said that there's a problem with a fetus affects another person's body. that's the whole point. there's a problem when a woman is forced to be affected by another person in a way she does not want. so the fetus can do what it wants with its body, but if the woman is ill-affected and does not want to be affected at all she has the right to terminate the "relationship".and, you great reader, you, i've never said a fetus is part of a woman's body. duhr. it's IN her body and is essentially sucking her life and using HER as a means of living. it does not matter if the fetus will live or die, but you cannot -- through use of law -- force a woman to be enslaved to the wants/needs of a another person. if you force a person to do so, it is slavery. i don't expect people to sift through hours worth of reading to find a solution, but there is a very simple one:if the fetus is determined to be viable: meaning the life could be sustained without the use of the womb, instead of an " abortion " the fetus is simply removed via c-section. the only cost to the woman should be that comparable of an abortion until the 7th month of pregnancy . at which point - the woman is being a complete douche-bag and should have to pay for the full cost of HER treatment... but NEVER for the cost of the fetus (which is now a full-fledged baby), since she does not want the baby. that will be covered by the state. much like what happens when women have children now who don't want them, and couldn't afford them anyway... but were just "moral" enough to punish both our tax system and the child by giving birth and keeping it. so if someone kidnaps you, chains you in a cabin in the arctic wastes, and force feeds you, all at their own expence and inconvenience, they then have the right to 'terminate the relationship'? to better equate the analogy, they'll hire someone to cut you up with a chainsaw, then throw the pieces out the door.So, while it's true that the smaller human affects the bigger one, the question becomes whether the child is infringing upon rights of the mother that warrant the mother's infringement upon the child's right to life. If you believe that convenience is a just criterion for taking someone's life, then you must consistently support a serial killer's 'right to choose' as well. if viability in an arbitrary environment is the criterion for life, I contend then, by your logic, that you are not alive, and therefore cannot be killed. Therefore, there can be no legal consequences for anyone who wishes to 'change your current environment' (i.e. the Marianas Trench).your alternative, however, is at least more reasonable than wanton termination, and so I give you some credit for that. So doctors and nurses have the right to terminate patients who are physically dependend upon them?What your body produces is undeniably your property, that which is sustained by your body is not, or else, anyone who's accepted my blood becomes part of my body, by your reasoning. What happens when you force someone to become dependent upon you (i.e. sex, -rape)?Body parts contd. Perhaps a better hand analogy is if someone were to hold your neck with their hand, and then skewer their hand. They're doing what they want to their hand ... I'm confused with your argument.Are you saying that it should be legal or illegal? We are PRO-choice, PRO privacy. If you have been paying attention to national polls you'd discover that a majority of Americans support a woman's right to a legal abortion .Abortion does not kill "children" it simply stops the growth of an embryo. Denying children access to healthcare, housing, food, parents who can make a living wage is far more a case of "murder" than allowing a woman the right to make her own medical decisions. It's a privacy issue and that means what another woman does is none of your business. If you want to agree with Mother Theresa, fine (she never experianced being pregnant) but to tell others who don't share your religious beliefs what they can or can't do is morally wrong. Remember, the Catholic church always chose the fetus over the mother. This usually left many motherless families. Too many times the father had to put his children into orphanages because he couldn't work and take care of them. It would have been better to let the woman live so she could be there for her other children. This is the same church that denied woman access to birth control so they could prevent getting pregnant. Besides, almost half of all conceptions are spontaneously aborted in the first 6-8 weeks so if God doesn't have a problem aborting embryos why should you care what a woman, who is a stranger to you, does? I'm sure you're not willing to pay more taxes to help support all these millions more children you so insist must be brought into this world. I usually find that the enforced pregnancy crowd are all for protecting "the innocent fetus" but once it's born it then becomes "someone else's mistake" and "not my responsibility". Yeah, let's all applaud that moral stance!What I also find interesting that the Bible says nothing regarding abortion except where if a man causes a woman to abort he has to financially compensate her for the loss of the pregnancy. If God can be so specific about what foods we are allowed to eat, when we can have sex, and what clothes we are suppose to wear, it seems odd that "He" was so silent on this subject. No where in the Bible does it say that "no woman who has conceived shalt abort her conception". I mean, isn't God suppose to be timeless, able to see into the future, ect., ect.,? Yet, the subject of abortion was never addressed. The question of abortion will never be settled. Those of us of feel it's a medical/privacy issue would rather a woman have access to a safe, legal abortion. Your side will always consider it immoral and murder but since no one is forcing your or your daughters to have an abortion against your will I think it's a procedure that should remain legal. Don't believe in abortion, don't have one. Even if abortions "kill life", it can be justified as upholding a woman's life Even if a fetus is considered a "baby" or human life, abortions can still be justified. The "baby" is still not a citizen with rights, while it is in the womb. In this case, the woman's right to choose outweighs considerations of the life of the fetus. The life of the woman takes precedent over the life of the fetus. This is pro-life (pro-the-life-of-the-woman) and so respects the dignity of life. So if someone gets an M.D. from a diploma mill, and decides to 'draw blood' from a 'patient', then the government can't intervene, right? I agree. It's such a shame that someone would do that. Women should take responsibility for their actions. A woman should have the right to choose. Period. A pro-choice position on any issue should maximize the number of free choices, present and future. The pro-choice position on abortion fails to maximize the number of free choices because it unilaterally eliminates the future free choices of individuals aborted. The pro-life position maximizes the number of free choices because it preserves the present and future free choices of as many individuals as possible without taking away any choices arbitrarily. I have respect for ALL life forms, human and non-human. We as a human race need to learn to respect life forms, human and non-human, and treat them with the dignity and respect they deserve. A blastocyst is indeed life. It is a ball of rapidly dividing cells. This action causes significant energy to be spent. These cells already produce adenosine-triphosphate (ATP), thus, are biologically alive. Biological death occurs when cells can no longer produce ATP. I've known a couple of women who had C-sections 3 and 4 months premature, and the baby managed to survive. It's possible, yet it's still legal to abort during this time? OK...there's something SERIOUSLY wrong with this picture if I do say so myself. Continuing to allow this morally repulsive procedure to take place is just an indication of the state of moral decay that the USA is in and it's not going to get any better unless people with good consciences step up and straighten things out. Wrong!!! ;] This is what it comes down to. Government is held with the responsibility of protecting certain unalienable, natural, inherant rights that humans are endowed with. These rights are basic and fundamental, among them are; LIFE, liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness. Abortion should be made illegal due to it taking the fundamental right to life from a human, the fetus. The " pro-choice " argument doesn't hold water. Choice is the foundation of freedom. You have the right to choose, SO LONG AS THAT CHOICE DOES NOT VIOLATE ANOTHER'S RIGHTS. The choice of having abortion does exactly that to the fetus, it strips a human of a fundamental right and as a consequence, EVERY single other right. More importantly, pregnancy is a choice in itself. A woman has the choice to have sex, she then has the choice of using a contraceptive; furthermore, she has a choice as to which contraceptive is used. So she has many choice, however, those choices become irrelevent once life is conceived. Pro-choicers say the woman has her civil rights violated if she cannot have an abortion. What then is it called when the innocent, who doen't have a voice to defend their own inherent rights have them violated..... It's as basic as the weight of individual rights. The fetus' right to LIFE trumps the woman's 'choice' to destroy it every single time, no exceptions. I am astounished that an organization such as the Ayn Rand Institute would abandon reason on this basic fundamental issue that rests solely upon natural rights of individuals vs. the third round of choice for a woman (after the choice to have sex and then the choice to use contraceptive). It has always been convenient for King Henry of England to kill his newly born daughters because they were not males. It was always convenient for Germans to kill their POW during WWII. It was convenient for a father to abandon his own children. Sound bad to you. Why isn't the 97% of abortions that are not from rape, incest, of threatening life of a mother any different? The bottom line in this debate is this: A woman is housing the fetus. Whether or not that fetus has rights is immaterial.... the right of the woman to do with Her body as she wishes is the ultimate right.To say that the fetus has right to life is debatable, but without the woman that fetus would have no life at all. It is her body sustaining it.If we give the right to govern our own bodies to other people, what would prevent these governing bodies from making choices that you don't agree with concerning your body parts? There are thousands of children who have a right to life dying at this very moment from the lack of functioning kidneys. If we had the right to tell a woman what to do with her womb, why would we not have the right to demand a kidney from a man? or a woman? To do so would violate the man or woman's right to his or her own body, but it would save a life... and this is supposedly a justifiable reason to make such demands. Similarly, thousands of children are in need of bone marrow. If women lose the right to govern their wombs, where is the protection of the right to govern our bone marrow? The same reasons given to justify the "anti-choice" (or, " pro-life ) argument are the same reasons that would make it legal to force individuals to not only register for the bone marrow transplant list, but to give one's bone marrow to the person in need of it. Bottom line: The right to the self is immutable, despite the most passionate objections to what another chooses to do with one's self. Betty, your argument dismisses the fact that the unborn fetus is a separate life entity. The decision to have an abortion is a decision to terminate not the mother's life but the life of the fetus within. You are arguing for the right to terminate someone else's life. With that said, there are many reasons why a pregnancy should not continue. Certainly when the health of the mother is at risk is one of them. If the pregnancy is as a result of rape or incest is another. And finally, like it or not, sometimes accidents happen.The problem society has is it can't seem to understand the concept of compromise. It's always an all or nothing deal. Either we don't allow abortions at all, or we allow abortion at any stage of development for any reason. But I truly believe the answer is one of compromise. During the first trimester abortion should be universally allowed. During the third trimester abortion should only be allowed to protect the health of the baby. Abortions during the second trimester should be allowed, but should be somewhat restricted (i.e., perhaps require the father's permission, or require counseling first.. something that forces the decision to be carefully reviewed, but still allow for it).It is a slippery slope, and finding the right balance is not easy. I, for one, would never ask a rape victim to carry the results of that rape. But I can never done legalizing the murder of a baby that is, in most cases, viable outside the womb. There is no inviolable "right to life" in abortion and other cases It is clear that the notion of "the right to life" can sometimes be violated for certain ends. This is the case in sending soldiers to war. So as in abortion, it can be justified to kill a fetus under certain circumstances. The real issue isn't when life begins, or what constitutes life. The question isn't when an abortion should be legal. The real question behind abortion is the woman's right to her body. That is what I am arguing.You have failed to address the issue I have just raised. It doesn't matter if there is a life living inside that woman, that is the woman's body. Either she has the right to govern her own body or she does not.If the fetus can sustain its own life outside of the uterus - or science can advance itself to the point where this is possible there would be no debate. As it stands, when you support the government's right to tell a woman what to do with her body because it "saves a life" you should be just as much in favor of the government forcing you give away one of your kidneys, or to undergo the painful process of bone marrow transplant even if you object. That there is a life involved in an abortion doesn't resolve the fact that this is a person's body that you are allowing government discretion over. There is no compromise. Either you have control over your body parts and what is done with them or you do not. If a woman no longer wishes to host a life that is parasitic in nature and that life can survive outside the womb the medical community can help it survive.But then what?In this right to life that is supported, what kind of life are you supporting? If you are going to vote in favor of forcing women to do your bidding with her body, are you going to vote in support of using tax-payer money to support all the lives you are "saving"? Are you then going to vote that couples must adopt before trying to conceive through non-conventional methods (I.V.F.)? Or should the woman then be forced to care for the child herself? Should she be compensated for the pain and suffering that was forced upon her in the form of not only childbirth, but the physical ailments that accompany pregnancy? Ultimately, you have to decide which is more important - your right to your body or the right for someone else to live.If you say the individual's right to his or her body is greater than the right of someone else to live, you cannot vote in favor of repealing Row/Wade. If you say the individual has no right to his or her body when another's life is at stake, you should already have given away a kidney and donated your bone marrow for as many times as you're matched. If you can prevent a person from dying and yet you do nothing, are you then murdering that person?. How many people have you killed from your refusal to share your body? How many lives have I let die from my decisions to keep my kidney and my bone marrow? That some women choose to keep their uterus' (uteri?) intact through abortion isn't a separate issue. You're arguing in favor of forced sharing of body in order to save lives, so I had to ask. So which is it? Do you support the right to govern your own body? Are you willing to be told what to do with any part of your body that can save a life? That's the real issue. If someone needs a kidney and I don't donate it and that person dies, I did not kill that person. I didn't do anything to help them, but nature took their life, not me.If a woman is otherwise healthy and at 26 weeks into her pregnancy she decides, for non-health related reasons, that she no longer wants the baby and has an abortion then she deliberately terminated that life.I'm not obligated to save a life, but I am obligated not to take one. Theres a huge difference.At some point morality needs to become the priority. Restricting late term abortions is not about dictating to a woman what she can do with her body; it's about protecting a viable human life, even if the woman wants to interpret it otherwise. Pregnancy is both a blessing and a burden for women, but it is the process decided by nature.And Im sorry if I sound insensitive to your concerns but trust me, I am not. I merely want to find the balance between a womans choice and protecting human life. There is no simple answer and I understand your concern. Pardon me for pointing this out, but late term abortions already are illegal.... they Have been restricted so I'm not sure what you're arguing here.But. If you're going to speak about morality, please clear this up for me:It's immoral for a woman to have an abortion , or clear her body of a parasite that she does not want, but it is perfectly moral for you to ignore the impending death of the already viable, innocent life of a child. An actual child. when you have the power to save that child. It's perfectly moral for you let a child die and not do a single thing to prevent it. Because you're not morally obligated to save a life if you know that you can. Did I get that right? Morality, then, can be turned on and off according to whatever suits the mood. Life is precious and needs to be protected at all costs - except if it will inconvenience you. If it's another person's body, by all means... dictate to her what she can and can not do with her body. Doing nothing is just as immoral as doing something (if you're going to use the reasoning that a woman cannot retain government over her body parts because it saves a life). If you're going to use the "it is the process decided by nature." defense, how do we respond to something like a heart attack. Is it immoral to save a woman having a heart attack? After all, it's just nature taking its course. Should we simply watch and hope for the best? Perhaps we should just watch as the newly born baby struggles for breath. That's nature taking its course. We have no moral obligations to save lives, only moral obligations against taking lives.... so we should do nothing as the newborn struggles to breathe instead of clearing out the cavities and giving the baby oxygen. Or does this seem unreasonable? I'm thinking it sounds unreasonable. Yet if I your reasoning, this is the conclusion that is reached. Also, there are "Good Samaritan" laws which do, in fact, make it illegal to do nothing if one does, in fact, know that inaction will result in great injury or death. Not that any judge would stretch this to include not giving blood, or not donating a kidney... but that's precisely the point. No one can force you to do those things. Again, what that woman decides to do is her decision... regardless of the outcome... because it is her body. To say otherwise is to deny that she, yourself, or anyone else has the right to govern their bodies. The fact that you do nothing and the innocent child with leukemia will die because nature took its course means you knowingly let that child die. Your body parts could have prevented it and you simply chose the other direction. You knowingly make that choice everyday and no one calls you a murderer. No one looks at other people standing in line in the grocery store or pumping gas and thinks "That guy just let that kid die. What a douche!". It's simply easier to not think about the things that we do not do (but could be doing) to saves lives. Why? Because it's an inconvenience. Yet the logic that will morally condemn a woman who has abortion means that everyone is guilty. There is no difference in those choices. The choice is yours to make. No one can force you to become a marrow donor because to do so would mean that you are not free to make decisions about your body. *even if* those decisions can "save" lives that might otherwise die. Betty, you are so badly twisting the logic that I needed to go back and read what you wrote three times and I'm still not sure I'm following along.No, you are incorrect in your interpretation of what I am saying. I'm suggesting that abortion is taking a life, or murder if that helps frame the argument. That is illegal. Not taking action to save the life of someone, as in any life or death situation, always has moral implications, but its not nearly as cut and dry as youre trying to make it out to be. Do I risk my own life by undergoing major surgery? Am I willing to live my life with only one kidney and, should the other be damaged by any number of things, potentially die? What if I give up my kidney and then a member of my family needs one? I never said it was perfectly moral to sit by and do nothing when I could be saving a life, but that doesnt mean Im compelled to have all my spare body parts out. I do donate blood every six months and that IS saving lives. We do what we can do. But now, let me see if I understand what you are saying. If I have this right, you're saying there is no difference between failing to donate a kidney and deliberately killing someone. They are both immoral and thus equal. Do I have this correct?You also wrote; If you're going to use the "it is the process decided by nature." defense, how do we respond to something like a heart attack. Is it immoral to save a woman having a heart attack? After all, it's just nature taking its course. Should we simply watch and hope for the best?This one I read three times and am completely lost with where you are going with this. All I was saying is sorry that this is a woman only issue but thats the way nature planned it.. How you got from that to letting someone die from a heart attack I have no idea. The point being, if men could also carry a fetus I wouldnt change a thing in my argument. A fetus in the third trimester is a living human being that has gone past the point of being a mere organism to a pre-born person and I believe it should have a right to life regardless of who is carrying it. Okay, then. And if you see any mistakes please just skip over the spelling... my backspace key was ripped off through some freak accident (as was the space bar a few months ago).If you say abortion should be illegal - which I hear what you're saying about the late term thing, but I'll just throw it out there again that third term abortions Are illegal - you are saying people (women, men, anyone) do not have government over their own body parts. Which means you should not have government over any of your body parts. The fact that there is a potential life means nothing. It would not matter if men could carry a fetus. The fetus is literally living off the carrier. If you had a grown person hooked up through an i.v. who would die if the cords were cut and only you could provide life to person you would still retain the right to say "No, thank you, but I think I'm fine without you." This, of course, might never happen, but it is not murder to retain the use of your body as you see fit. It is entirely within your rights. To use your argument, sorry for the fetus, but nature designed it that the fetus couldn't live outside the womb. Not my fault. That's just nature taking it's course."I'm not obligated to save a life, but I am obligated not to take one. Theres a huge difference."This is what you said. This is why I responded that morality can't be turned on and off to suit whatever fits Your argument at the time. Why did talk about nature? "I did not kill that person. I didn't do anything to help them, but nature took their life, not me." So standing by and doing nothing is morally acceptable to you, apparently. You're now trying to change it. I'm not twisting anything....you're changing your words to suit yourself.But.To answer your question, you do not have that right. If you are going to force a woman to go through a dangerous process because otherwise another person will die, it is equally moral to force anyone else to go through a dangerous process because otherwise a person will die. Your logic says that a woman cannot retain the rights to her uterus because if she doesn't use those parts to give life, she is immoral. By your logic, you cannot retain the rights to your body parts because if you don't use those parts to give life you are immoral. Deliberately killing someone and deliberately doing nothing and letting someone die IS the same thing. You thought about the actions and the consequences beforehand for each of those things. You weighed your options and made a decision. The deciding factor in each case is you. If all you have to do is push a button to save a life and you know it - you see it happening - you can push the button but you don't, you are deliberately killing that person. If all you have to do is push a button and someone dies - you know this and you push it, you are deliberately killing that person. There is no difference. Your decision will kill a person. "Do I risk my own life by undergoing major surgery?" Is there no risk in pregnancy? "Am I willing to live my life with only one kidney and, should the other be damaged by any number of things, potentially die?" Is there no potential for death in pregnancy? Can we not be damaged irreparably during pregnancy (I'm just assuming you're a woman. Forgive me if I'm wrong)?"What if I give up my kidney and then a member of my family needs one?" No one has rights to their body, remember? Someone else will be forced to give your family member a kidney."I never said it was perfectly moral to sit by and do nothing when I could be saving a life, but that doesnt mean Im compelled to have all my spare body parts out." Well, actually you did say that you were obligated to save a life. But that aside, why should a woman be compelled to use her body parts to sustain the life of someone else if she doesn't want to so?So, I've answered your question but you've yet to answer *the* question:Do you have the right to govern your own body?That's the only answer you need to give in this argument and that's the only one I'm asking you to answer. It doesn't matter if we're talking about forced birth or the forced donation of kidneys or bone marrow. It's not a debate that those things "save" lives. Do you have the right to govern your own body?This isn't a woman's issue for this very reason. If abortion is illegal, not only is it women who don't have the right to govern their bodies, but it follows that all people do not have that right. So which is it? Apparently you are familiar with this ruling. You say that during the first trimester abortion should be universally allowed, some restrictions in the second and even more in the third. Well, this is exactly what Roe states. Third trimester abortions are only allowed if the mother's life or health are in grave danger or if the fetus has such tremendous health problems it wouldn't live beyond birth but what few abortions are performed in the last trimester are usually to save the life of the woman. So you see, compromise already exists. Also, a fetus can not be a seperate entity until it is able to function outside of the womb. This can't happen until about the 29th week. Granted, there have been cases of 26-28 week deliveries but these usually result in very physically and mentally damaged children. If a fetus delivers and doesn't take a spontaneous breath, the physicians usually won't try to resuscitate it because it means the respiratory system is too immature to function. They don't want to put that child through any torture forcing it to try and live. I've seen the miserable lives those children have gone through and was thankful when they finally died from all their medical complications. Death is a normal part of life. From the moment we are concieved we are on the path that will eventually end in our death. It may come a few weeks after conception or years after our birth but it will happen. Let's take care of those who are born and here in need of our help. We don't need to drag more unwanted children into this world until we can give the one's living here and now a decent life. I know it is a "lapsus" but i couldn't resist: "During the third trimester abortion should only be allowed to protect the health of the baby" How is abortion going to protect the life of the baby, i wonder? Seriously: i am against all abortion (and this is my opinion) because it simply terminates the life of a human being's life cycle. Science has proved that this cycle begins at conception and ends permanently with death. I simply think it's wrong to make a distinction of humans based on any discimination as declared in the universal declaration of Human rights article2: Size, Location, Stage of development, etc... To argue that a fetus is not human is simply false.If we agree with this we have to give all humans the same rights. The only exception to abortion, in my opinion, has to be when the life of the mother is at risk. This is to save the only life who would survive if we didn't intervene. Thanks for catching that. Yes, that should have read "..to protect the health of the mother".Don't get me wrong, ussitano, I'm not in favor of abortions at all for the same reasons you give. But the reality of it is we will never end abortions; there are just too many legitimate reasons why society wants and needs to have them. I would never want a woman who was raped to be forced to carry to term a pregnancy that may result from that attack. This also applies in cases of incest. And if we know a fetus is severely deformed, I can also understand the desire to terminate it. I'm a little less understanding of those who simply failed to use protection and now think of it as an inconvenience. However, prior to 28 weeks the embryo/fetus is not considered viable and so if there are reasons to end the pregnancy, I'd prefer to allow it then with the understanding that beyond 28 weeks abortion would be extremely restricted.To those who claim this is already the case I would point out every piece of legislation that attempts to restrict late term abortions has more loopholes than carter has pills. And while the percentage of abortions in the third trimester is low, when you consider the total number of abortions for any given year, it's still a very large number of viable fetuses that are being terminated every year. There is far too much ambiguity in the laws today and the differences in various state laws allow people to simply go to a state that will allow them. To those in favor of abortion , please go to this site and watch the video. It's graphic, and disgusting, but many have not seen this side of abortion. Look at those little children, and tell me, honestly tell me, that abortion is A-Okay. / Late term abortions are rare and only to save the life of the woman. So it's graphic, so is the end results of bombs being dropped on innocent women and children in Iraq. It still doesn't address the issue of privacy. Abortions aren't for public viewing. You can use shock all you want but it's not going to work on everyone. The question of abortion is still a privacy/medical decision. You don't believe in abortion, no one is forcing you to have one. We aren't living in China. You want to have 20 kids, that's your choice and I wouldn't insist that laws must be passed forcing you to limit the size of your family. By the same reasoning, you have no right to tell other people how many children they must have. It is hypocritical to protect fetuses but send men to die in war. Rick Claro - "George W. Bush will protect your unborn fetus, then send your grown child to die in war." This is a common argument that undermines the notion of "the sanctity of life" and the notion that it is "inviolable". Clearly, in war, humans frequently justify killing other human beings. Ew gross that was so sad! I believe that there should be a difference between abortion when the sex that created the child was consensual or if the woman was raped. If she was raped and became pregnant the woman should then be able to decide for herself but if she was just to lazy to make some guy put on a condom then she should have to go through with it. No one knocked her up agianst her will. I see a trend that has become a thorn to the people of America. The trend is that of the courts generating law, be it a regional court, or the so called "Supreme Court"! From all of my study, the function of the court system, as well as that of the Supreme Court is to uphold "Law" which has been legislated by the "House of Parliament"...thus representing the People of America... instead of a group's opinion being honored by a biased supreme court judge. To me this represents supreme corruption and misuse of judicial power which should be indictable or impeachable.Law for the people need to be legislated through the House, representing the PEOPLE, for the PEOPLE, and of the PEOPLE, to be upheld by the court system and especially the Supreme Court system which should directly represent the HOUSE, in keeping it real. Here is one major flaw that I hope the New President can bring back to sanity, putting the laws of the land back into representing Democracy and of the people.The Supreme court system as it stands has become a means for biased minority groups to perpetrate their agenda by finding a judge of similar bias. Democracy is meant to represent theNations collective good and common sense and not that of the few in a building of a few people. (Court house). From CanadaThe Roe vs Wade decision said that founding fathers/people who made the constitution had a intention to say the fetus is not a human being and future Americans can never say its a human being.The Roe decision is based on the sole foundation the fetus is not a human being. This was the error of roe.Not liberal, activist Judges as such. Though motives are involved.Roe literally tries to say a very Protestant Christian British population created a constitution where then and later legislatures could not vote that the fetus is a human being. Therefore the old ones intended the people of the future could not change their minds about the fetus and that at the creation of the constitution they believe the fetus was not a human being. This ia an absurdity. Such a early religious people never would put in their ultimate collection of rights the denial that a fetus has no soul and is not human until birth. They never had such a intent. They never would of agreed to such two concepts.Roe tries to stop the people from voting up or down abortion .Roe says abortion was settled hundreds of years ago.Roe admits there is no final conclusion on the humanity of the fetus.Roe concludes the fetus is not a human being.Roe hints a common opinion that the fetus is a human being could find its place in the constitution apparently nullifying a right to abortion. The right seems conditional.Roe was a careless opinion and carelessly allowed to exist because of the pro-abortion beliefs of the layers generally. Destroying Roe's legal credibility is not a big problem. pro-lifers just need better lawyers acting in these small circles. I have tried and tried and I can not come to the rationalization that many pro- abortion supporters find so easy - that somehow, a thing that, if left un-aborted, will turn into a human being 100% of the time. (not usually, not almost always, not 99.9999999...% of the time, but EVERY time) can be killed and it somehow isn't murder, or if it is, that it is OK, because it isn't human. How can it not be a human being? This isn't about religion or choice, but about science (the thing that becomes a human, is a human) and basic right and wrong vs. convenience. I don't have to be a woman (I'm not) or a religious nutbag (I'm not) to understand either side of this argument. Why do so many otherwise decent people seem to think it is OK to kill another human? It also sickens me that many of the same folks that are pro-abortion are charter members of PETA, ASPCA, etc. If we cared half us much for each other, as we did for food and companionship, abortion wouldn't be an issue. Here's a question that my mom's friend brings up every time human rights are brought up.Is it ethical for someone to demand services of you for free, or to coerce you into a contract that you did not consent to? Of course not! You never consented to the contract!Imagine the following situation. One day, you wake up and find a human being attached to you via life-support system. If you remove the life-support system, the human being will die. Question: Is it ethical for that human being to inconvenience you without asking for a social contract?I think you might know where I'm running with this.And notice that I never asked whether or not it is -moral-. Morality and ethics are two very different things. 1. "Is it ethical for someone to demand services of you for free, or to coerce you into a contract that you did not consent to? Of course not! You never consented to the contract!!I think it's quite clear that there is a moment when the woman did sign a contract. "by having sex, i hearby accept the possibility that a new life within me will be created and that it will be my responsability to give him life aid until it'll be able to do so by it's own" furthermore the baby did not demand any service, they where graciously given by the mother's womb. 2. "And notice that I never asked whether or not it is -moral-. Morality and ethics are two very different things."From WordNet (r) 2.0 [wn]:ethics noun 1: motivation based on ideas of right and wrong [syn: {ethical motive}, {morals}, {MORALITY}] "I think it's quite clear that there is a moment when the woman did sign a contract. "by having sex, i hearby accept the possibility that a new life within me will be created and that it will be my responsability to give him life aid until it'll be able to do so by it's own" furthermore the baby did not demand any service, they where graciously given by the mother's womb."So if a woman was raped, she also signed such a contract of her own will?Furthermore, ethics and morality are far more complicated and confused issues than a dictionary would lead you to believe. I suggest reading the article here: However, that, too, is overly generalized in differentiating ethics from morality. Rape counts only for less than 1% of total abortions. Rape clearly is an exception.Why can't we discuss about the main problem and then address the exceptions?The problem with abortion these days is that it has become simply another method of birth control. This is the main problem and one everybody should agree with: abortion is not good for women, nor for society . We should fight the basic problem that is unwanted pregnancy . And i am sorry but the pope is right: Condoms only policy does not work: we need a better sexual education . I really believe in the ABC system used in Africa: Abstinence, Be Faithful, Condoms:Abstinence until you find a partner, better sexual practices and use of birth control methods. As condoms are not 100 % reliable, to advertize that the problem to HIV and unwanted pregnancy is solved using condoms will not be effective. Wait a second. Do you have any evidence when you say that rape counts for less than 1% of total abortions? I'd like to see those statistics, please.And do you have any evidence of the claim that abortion is being used as another method of birth control? That's ridiculous. Abortions are far more expensive than condoms and pills.And condoms are always more effective than unprotected sex. I agree that the solution to HIV and unexpected pregnancies is better sex education, but I don't see how that discredits abortion as a possibility. The best way to treat a broken leg is by not breaking it in the first place, but you can't discount surgery as an option to mend broken legs. In a free society, abortion is truly a matter of personal belief. The issue of abortion debates the question of whether or not the unborn child is a human being, or at what point it becomes so. This question cannot be answered for the collective body of society, rather should be answered by the individual based on personal and religious beliefs. If an individual believes that an unborn child is a human being, then the "right to life" term can be justified by that individual for their own personal choice. If an individual believes that the unborn child is not a human being, then there is no justification for laws to prohibiting an abortion. Therefore It should be argued that this is an issue for the individual; that an individual seeking an abortion has their own responsibility to be informed thoroughly about the matter, but should never be forced to agree or disagree. "Fifty-four percent of women who have abortions had used a contraceptive method (usually the condom or the pill) during the month they became pregnant. Among those women, 76% of pill users and 49% of condom users report having used their method inconsistently, while 13% of pill users and 14% of condom users report correct use. Forty-six percent of women who have abortions had not used a contraceptive method during the month they became pregnant. Of these women, 33% had perceived themselves to be at low risk for pregnancy , 32% had had concerns about contraceptive methods, 26% had had unexpected sex and 1% had been forced to have sex." The AGI is the research arm of Planned Parenthood, the world's largest abortion provider. So as you can see 46% of women did not use another contraceptive method while a majority of people using other contraceptive methods report having used them inconsistently. This means that a great majority of people are not using contraceptives or are using them inconsistently. Why? Because there's always abortion available as a solution.The AGI also reports that 1% had been forced to have sex.Of course condoms are more effective than unprotected sex. I don't say that better sexual education discredits abortion as a possibility. I just think that if we address the problem at the source then less abortion will follow wich is what we should all agree with. I also think that making abortion illegal is the best solution if we want abortion to end.In poland for instance since the new 1993 law was written abortions went down from 100 000 aprox to only 340 in 2006. The law exempt the woman from being guilty of any crime and allows abortion when there is rape, if the life or health of the mother is at risk or when the fetus health is incompatible with life. Your example is not valid because in a broken leg situation surgery has a purpose of healing and cure. In the case of abortion surgery is used to terminate a human life. No other surgery does that. The question isn't whether abortion ought to be legal but rather - In the United States, and indeed throughout the rest of the world, does a human being have the right of self-determination and, at least in the United States, the liberty to exercise that right. This question, of course, was resolved a long time ago in the writing of the U.S. Constitution. It was answered affirmatively in the bill of rights in which the right of self-determination and the liberty to exercise that right is inherent in freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, freedom to bear arms, etc. The intent of those who composed the constitution is quite clear - unquestioned right of self-determination and liberty to exercise the same. None of these rights and freedoms are possible without that basic assumption. If the tribe - and this is in effect how the nation behaves on a regular basis - chooses to interfere with a woman's right to control the functions of her own body, the tribe undermines the basis of all other individual freedoms thus destroying the heart of U.S. law - those principles written into the U.S. Constitution. If a woman's right to self-determination is undermined, so too you undermine freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, economic freedom, right to private property, and on and on. I believe the majority of Americans, particularly those arguing against the legality of abortion, do not fully understand what they are tampering with. They are, in fact, themselves inserting the wedge that will topple their right to ask and decide such questions in their own personal lives. It is but a short step from disallowing the right to choose abortion to legal control over when and if a woman has a child at all. If a woman does not absolutely own her womb, she at some point will be told when she can and cannot have a child, with whom, how many and how often. This sounds extremist, of course, however, this is the very real logical destiny called for by those who would destroy a woman's right to choose. If a woman cannot decide NOT to bear a child, she also cannot decide when she WILL have a child. The tribe reduces a woman to a mere walking womb belonging to the people.If the tribe refuses to allow a woman to decide to abort a fetus, then the tribe must necessarily take responsibility for that fetus. It necessarily become property of the people thus reducing a fetus/child to a thing for barter. It stands to reason, if you compel tribal decisions on an individual, the tribe is responsible for the consequences of those decisions, NOT the individual. Also, by promoting the fetus to the status of "full human being", you create a situation where you impose slavery on the mother to the fetus - the slavery of one full human being to another full human being. We, as americans, no longer legally support slavery and therefore, to be consistent, must do all that is possible to liberate the mother from slavery to that "full human being" growing inside her. The child MUST be removed and allowed to survive on its own. After all, it's a "full human being", is it not? If it is a crime for an individual to move into the home of another uninvited and forcibly take up residence, it is also a crime for a a fetus allegedly with full rights and liberties to be allowed to reside in a mother unwelcome. The rights of the "fully human" fetus cannot supersede the rights of the mother. If they are equal, the desires of each must be considered equally. The mother does not want the unwelcome guest. If the tribe decides to make decisions for that unwelcome guest, the tribe must necessarily resolve the situation of illegal residence - otherwise the tribe loses all legitimacy in its interference in the decisions of the pregnant woman and her right to decide for herself is restored by default.If the tribe condones slavery, the tribe has no legitimacy. Religious dogma is impervious to logical arguments.To call two cells a person demonstrates this fact quite well I think.If they really cared about human life they'd be in Darfur doing something about that holocaust. apparently they are doing something: And any two cells are not a person. A zygote is because:1. "[The zygote], formed by the union of an oocyte and a sperm, is the beginning of a new human being."Keith L. Moore, Before We Are Born: Essentials of Embryology, 7th edition. Philadelphia, PA: Saunders, 2008. p. 2.2. From WordNet (r) 2.0 [wn]:person: noun : a human being If eggs were chickens wouldn't they sell them by the pound?Is an acorn an oak tree? I am not against all abortions. I am against human abortions. I don't care if trees or chickens are aborted by their mothers (wich by the way no animal specie do). The point in this debate is Humanity. Because all our laws place the highest value on human life. Since we know that life does not begin at birth but at conception we must defend every human being from the moment it comes into being. Without life no other rights are available to anyone. I am for abortion rights, although I believe that men should not really have any say in whether or not abortion is legal or not, because it is never going to affect men, it doesn't really matter if a man wants a woman to have the right to have a abortion or not, the idea is ridiculous to me, its as if your having people in Lichtenstein vote on who the president of the United States should be. It simply doesn't make sense! The title pro choice doesn't make any sense to me. The mother chooses, but does the baby get any say on whether or not they live or die? What if your life was put into the hands of a certain individual, and their choice was to kill you, to protect their "rights" and "privacy". It makes no sense to me that a life that change the world,is taken before it can take its first look at the light of day. Aren't we all, by true definition, pro-choice ? "If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice." Choosing to not is a choice, no matter how you look at it. Abortion is a difficult decision, no matter the individual's circumstances or beliefs. Is abortion a legal issue or a personal decision? Should the federal or state governments decide, or should you? We all make choices in life, you are only responsible for your own, it's called accountability. until we can define what it means to be alive this is going to be a tough one, but in the meantime those who live by the scalpel will die by the scalpel. Abortion generally devalues the dignity we assign to life Ronald Reagan, "Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation", Human Life Review, Spring 1984 - "We cannot diminish the value of one category of human lifethe unbornwithout diminishing the value of all human life." Outlawing murder does not necessarily reduce the number of murders, but rather forces murderers to jeopardize their lives and health in order to terminate an unwanted person.Now, not all abortion is murder, but it should be looked at just as any other killing. Afterall, if a drunk driver gets hurt in a car crash, does that mean we should make drunk driving legal? I think there should not be abortion because it can lead to people to commitng suicide. What do you think about what i just said. But if you have any info about abortion please let me know because I'm doing a persuasion essay on it and i need facts from people who are against abortion but sorry to the ones that are for abortion. (Give me your opinions) So the right to kill a human being is a human right? Great! When does hunting season open? [Please forgive the sarcasm of the previous question].However, one could use similar language in talking about a man's right to choose; that is, 'Only when [men] are able to control their reproductive capacity can they achieve true equality in society.'Of course, 'reproductive capacity,' and 'control,' are kind of vague; possibly meaning anything from abstinence to 'slaughter of children,' to 'wanton rape.' Huh?Are you suggesting that women don't enjoy exercising their reproductive capacity and desire sexually competent men to Make Love with? You could be an exception and from an outdated group of "persons" carrying what is know as feministic attitudes. With my age group, that is so gone, and we are so much together on a common ground.Why am I not surprised that it's all men's fault here? speaking of control..wouldn't you just love to be in control over every man's sex?. I hope thought that the time does come that you feel equal like the Ladies that I know do.How many abortions are in fact a result of rape and not just a form of birth control or philosophical defiance? You know, quotation marks ("") indicate that the words between them come from somewhere other than the writer. In this format it typically indicates the words to which the author is responding. So you should be addressing the author of the original post, but then you would be making my case.To answer the only worthwhile question in your post; very, very few. If you're really interested, I'm sure a little research would give you several different numbers from which most people should be able to make an educated estimate as to what the actual number is. movie with Schwarzenegger carrying the baby to full term. When that can happen, then you will be on equal footing with women on the reproductive issue. Until then please take your complaints to Mother Nature or god , whichever you believe to be at fault. aware that I was talking to an oppressed man from Amazonia. The man has no responsibility until the child is born. He might die. He might skip town. He might get thrown in prison. The woman might have had more than one sexual partner around the time of conception. The man has no rights at all. It's all up to the mother. She has to carry it for nine months(should she choose to have it). The man is irrelevant in this situation. The choice is and should only be the mother's. So you're only for abortion when the woman would take responsiblity for her child anyway? "abortion is one of the most common and safest medical procedures"Isn't that like saying the electric chair is completely safe, because the executioner doesn't get hurt? The whole purpose of the procedure is to kill someone. Not very "safe". Abortion sets precedent of valuing some humans less than others. Ronald Reagan, "Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation", Human Life Review, Spring 1984. - "Regrettably, we live at a time when some persons do not value all human life. They want to pick and choose which individuals have value." While the argument is about the lesser of evils, you are absolutely right. Laws have to be written from an informed and practical point of view. Moral purity is great for conversations, but the unintended consequences of trying to force your moral code on other people can be worse than the original problem. One could say exactly the same thing about assassins, vigilantes, robbers, and other criminals.In effect this argument is: 'politicians shouldn't restrict private murders because they interfere with the murderer-victim relationship.' I may not agree with abortion , but I do feel it is totally up to the woman involved. I would never do it myself because I could deal with the unknowns that go along with it. As far as I am concerned to each therer own and leave it that way. Roe Vs Wade legalized abortion why change it now? I am sorry to disagree with you.I think it should never be up only to the woman to decide because:1. There are two humans involved: the mother and the unborn child. 2. The father has to be taken into account because the unborn child is 50%"his" 3. Such a decision should always be thought out well seeking the help of family, friends, experts, etc...4. The unborn is not property of it's mother. he has it's own human rights (to live for example). If no one bothers to defend it's rights (it's own mother refuses) society has to protect him instead.Roe vs Wade is flawed in many ways: This post by the ARC is just the tip of the ice burg. If I understand the argument, the full argument involves the view that a person's right to life involves the right to live it by their own judgment of how best to do so. Since a fetus has no such judgment it has no right to live by it, just as it has, with some exceptions clearly spelled out in law, no right to on the food he/she eats, or the TV shows watched, or the education it receives. The age of majority is the recognition of the fact that person-hood and the full support and weight of the law is reserved for those who have developed the capacity and ability, as far as the law is concerned, for reasoned judgments about how best to lead their own lives. This is the source of a woman's right to have an abortion. Abortions should be legal.To make abortion illegal is to deny a woman's individual rights. Whether a woman has an abortion is entirely up to her. This is an issue of individual rights. If an individual's right is denied or violated, that individual is not free. To the extent that all women are denied their individual rights, to that extent the nation is not free. When that's the case, males are also affected. In time, the entire nation is under the dictates of whoever has the most pull and the most guns.The state and church should not interfere with this right. Both government and religious leaders have no moral say in the matter of abortion. A woman might want to consult with the father of the pregnancy to discover his preferences but ultimately she alone has the final choice. It is, after all, HER life. She should be free to live it as she chooses. Abortions should be legal. This is an issue of individual rights. However, a woman does not have the right to terminate a life, regardless of whether it is inside her body or not. The fetus also has a natural right, to life. If this is not so, then the mother does not have a natural right to life either. One cannot say one human being has more of a right to life than another. What makes this even worse is we all have a right to make our own choices. The mother who terminates her pregnancy had a host of choices that would have prevented the pregnancy, the fetus never had a choice. The fetus' choice is made for them. This is a form of tyranny, as the voiceless does not is not given a choice of freedom. Denying a woman an abortion is not to deny her an individual right. She does not have the right to terminate her pregnancy and destroy human life, it is a choice not a right. She has a right to make choices, choices that would have prevented the pregnancy.You are right, she is free to live as she chooses. However as Rand said, "a private individual is legally free to take any action he pleases (so long as he does not violate the rights of others)".Abortion is an example of the lack of individual responsibility that is being bred into our culture. We have all these rights and don't want the responsibility that comes with exercising them. When the ultimate individual responsibility we will ever have (to that of our offspring) can be neglected and the decision made which leads to this can be accepted with no recourse, our society is degenerating. Creating life (reproduction) is the ultimate gift that has been given to all living things and to demean that gift and take it for granted can do nothing but harm. Abortion is morally wrong, biologically wrong, ethically wrong, and violates all natural rights humans have been endowed with. It is truly one of the largest violation of human rights the world has ever seen and since the abortion movement (Planned Parenthood) systematically targets poor minorities, I would claim it is borderline genocide. ajligs wrote and I quote: The fetus also has a natural right, to life.No. A fetus has no rights. Life is a process of self-sustaining and self-generating action. (Ayn Rand) Simply because a thing is alive does not give it rights. Many things are alive, including insects, weeds and algae. One does not attribute rights to such things. Individual rights have a specific meaning and it applies only to human beings. A fetus is totally dependent on its host. It cannot think or act without its host. It is not a human being until the moment of birth.A right is a moral principle defining and sanctioning a mans freedom of action in a social context. (Ayn Rand) The born have a right to exist because they are born. Not vice versa. The pregnant woman has a right to abort because she has the right to life. The fetus has no such right.ajligs wrote, and I quote: the fetus never had a choice. This is true. It cannot have a choice because it has no capacity to choose. It cannot think. It has no power of volition because it is not a self-sustaining, independent entity. Your entire argument is based on a mistaken premise that a fetus is a human being. Since you believe that, you give it rights. But a human being refers to a specific living organism of a specific kind. By definition a human being is a rational animal. But a fetus is not rational. It is impossible for a fetus to be rational before birth. It does not yet have a mind. It has no means to form a mind. As best it is a parasite. It may look human after a certain development, but it is not yet human until it has an independent conceptual consciousness, i.e., until it is born. Rights may not be attributed to the non-human. Women have individual rights. Fetuses do not. Abortion should be legal. Interesting argument Sylvia; technically filled with many errors, but interesting. What evidence do you have that a fetus can not think? Later term fetuses definitely exhibit brain activity.A fetus most definitely has human DNA. It has a heartbeat. It has a brain and brain activity. It is, in scientific terms, every bit as much human as you are.You are correct when you say a human being refers to a specific living organism of a specific kind. That specific kind is determined by its DNA. Fetuses are living, and they have human DNA. That makes them human.By what basis or by what evidence do you make the observation that a fetus has no mind, or that it has no independent conceptual consciousness? Please provide the evidence to support that comment. What is the magical transformation that takes place in a matter of seconds that transforms a parasite into a human being?A human fetus, from as early as 21 weeks into development, is a fully functional human being. From that point forward they continue their growth and development to improve their chances of surviving on their own outside the womb. But that does not mean that they do not have everything that is required to live on their own at 21 weeks. Your argument is based on very simplistic terms; if you cant touch it, and you cant see it with your own eyes, then its nothing more than a parasite. This makes it easier to morally justify terminating it, but it does nothing to change the facts that any abortion that is performed after 21 weeks is terminating a life that could very well have survived and gone on to a full, normal life and do great things.If youre really interested in the subject and not just trying to make excuses for why its OK to abort a fetus at any point of its development I would recommend the following site for an interesting read; Dear Pepper:You asked: "What evidence do you have that a fetus can not think? Later term fetuses definitely exhibit brain activity."Brain activity is not thought. Every organism that has a brain, has brain activity. Cats have brain activity. So do rats and birds and dolphins and so forth. Brain activity per se is not the defining characteristic of thought. Thought is a complex set of identifications and integrations of two or more percepts, which means thought requires some perception of that which exists independent of one's own consciousness. A fetus inside a womb has no material to be conscious of. One cannot be conscious when there is nothing to be conscious of. The evidence that a fetus cannot think lies in how it must function. By its nature, it relies on its host. If, for instance, the host smokes or drinks, we know "out here" that this is not good for the fetus "in there," but the fetus does not know that such things are bad for it. It cannot identify or evaluate the things the host sends to it. It can only passively absorb what the host gives it. You wrote: "A fetus most definitely has human DNA. It has a heartbeat. It has a brain and brain activity. It is, in scientific terms, every bit as much human as you are."Not true. A fetus does have the things you mentioned but none of it adds up to the human. Human DNA or a heartbeat or brain activity are not defining characteristic of a human being. The essential defining characteristic of a human being is conceptual consciousness. DNA is the building block of the physical organism, which includes the brain. You wrote: "You are correct when you say a human being refers to a specific living organism of a specific kind. That specific kind is determined by its DNA. Fetuses are living, and they have human DNA. That makes them human."No. As I indicated above, when one is discussing the human, one must consider the essential that differentiates the human from other mammalian life forms, which is rationality. The human is the rational animal. The rational animal alone has a conceptual consciousness.You asked: "By what basis or by what evidence do you make the observation that a fetus has no mind, or that it has no independent conceptual consciousness? Please provide the evidence to support that comment."I've already answered this above. You asked: "What is the magical transformation that takes place in a matter of seconds that transforms a parasite into a human being?"There is no magic involved. The transformation involves essentially two fundamentals: existence and development. Ordinarily, at a particular stage of its physical development, a mammalian organism is ejected from its host. At that moment, it is plunged into the entire array of things that make up the universe, including light and gravity and objects and so forth. The born organism cannot immediately perceive everything available to him. It takes considerably longer than a few seconds to ignite the operation of his consciousness. Upon birth it is still on the pleasure-pain principle. He can sense discomfort and hunger and will react. The fetus has a potential. When it is born into a different environment, that potential is activated. But it takes him quite some time to learn to focus his eyes. It takes even longer for him to sense that the object looking at him is "good for me." It takes even longer for him to SAY "mama." This is the nature of the development of a consciousness from the perceptual to the conceptual, which is unique to human beings. A conceptual consciousness cannot begin to function until it has material to be conscious of. It cannot have access to that material until its perceptual mechanism is activated and utilized. It cannot activate and utilize the perceptual mechanism until it is born into an environment where there is material to perceive and be conscious of. So, we say: the fetus upon being born is now in an environment that supplies him with perceptual data, which enables him to develop his conceptual consciousness. Ergo, he is now human. You wrote: "Your argument is based on very simplistic terms . . .but it does nothing to change the facts that any abortion that is performed after 21 weeks is terminating a life that could very well have survived and gone on to a full, normal life and do great things."Are you saying that if a fetus is terminated before 21 weeks, that's okay. You know it won't do great things. But if it's terminated after 21 weeks, then you know that one is killing something that might do great things?In any case, this does not deal with the most important issue: A woman's individual rights. Why should a pregnant woman do what you want her to do? Why should her rights be violated? Why do you advocate using force upon human beings in the name of the human? It does not make sense. Abortion should be legal because it acknowledges and affirms a woman's individual rights. Uncertainty over whether fetuses are "life" should halt abortions. There are strong arguments in favor of fetuses being life from conception and some strong arguments against. At a minimum, uncertainty about the "truth" should cause us to place a moratorium on abortions until we figure it out. Sylvia,So are you suggesting that cats, rats, birds and dolphins do not think? You ought to be more careful as its a scientific fact that these animals all do think, and in the case of dolphins, might very well think more than humans do.Your argument is defining the differences between a human person and a human being. A human person is a human being that is now interacting with its environment. It has a name, a personality, behavioral patterns, likes and dislikes, skills, etc. A human person is one you can touch and see and feel. A human being is a human person who hasnt yet had the chance to establish themselves. It is a biological entity that has yet to develop into a 'person'. Physiologically speaking, there is no difference. Placing a fetus in an environment that gives it more external stimulation to respond to does not make it any more human than if it stayed in the womb. By your definition, if a doctor removes a 28 week old fetus from the womb and places it in a nursery it is now a human. However, if a baby is born naturally and immediately placed inside an empty, dark, windowless room it is still not human as its not interacting, learning and evolving from its environment. Thats just silly. A fetus can not control the environment its in nor should it be judged human or not by its location. An unborn fetus has just as much ability to learn and interpret from its environment as one that has been born; they just reside in different environments. Regardless of whether we will agree on this point or not, if you read at the link I provided you will see that fetuses in the womb are in fact very active and reacting to their surroundings. They respond to touch, to sound and even to light. They are human beings who just happen to be living in the protective cover of their mothers womb, but whether in the womb or out, they are physically the same.You asked: Are you saying that if a fetus is terminated before 21 weeks, that's okay. You know it won't do great things. But if it's terminated after 21 weeks, then you know that one is killing something that might do great things?I use 21 weeks as a reference because thats the point in a fetuss development that it begins to stand a chance of surviving outside the womb. My position, as stated from the start, is one of compromise; a woman should have the right to decide whether she wants to be pregnant or not and be able to terminate the pregnancy if thats her choice. However, at some point the embryo/fetus developing inside her reaches a point where they are considered viable, and from that point forward I prefer to protect their right to live. I would prefer never having to take a life, so no, its not okay with me to abort fetuses less than 21 weeks. However, I do understand the need for allowing abortions, hence a solution based on compromise. But just remember, every great human who has ever lived was, at some point and time, a fetus less than 21 weeks into development. You prefer to frame abortion as nothing more than a womans individual rights but in doing so you trivialize the human life growing within her. Its obvious to me that this is why so many people who favor unrestricted abortion rights spend so much time arguing that the unborn fetus isnt a human life. However, by all scientific definitions it is a human life and at some point its right to live should supersede a womans right to abort it.You wrote: Abortion should be legal because it acknowledges and affirms a woman's individual rights. But what youre really saying is Abortion should be legal because it acknowledges and affirms a woman's individual rights, including the right to kill another human being. Dear Pepper:You asked: "So are you suggesting that cats, rats, birds and dolphins do not think?"Yes. I don't merely suggest it. I affirm it with full conviction.You wrote: "You ought to be more careful as it's a scientific fact that these animals all do think, and in the case of dolphins, might very well think more than humans do."Your assertion is not an argument---nor is it persuasive. Your allusion to "scientific fact" is of the same type.But I am curious to know why you believe the lower animals can think. Have you read an article written by a rat? Have you observed cats working to send a man to the moon? Or maybe a chimp worked at your computer for a while where it accessed the net and discussed with an MIT professor the dangers of government interference in the economy? I'm not being facetious. I'm quite serious. I am trying to stress that a process of thought is far different from a beaver making a dam prompted by his biological programming---and so forth in regard to all the other activities the lower animals engage in. None of that is thought. Nor is thought the response to stimuli. A different process is involved when, say, we discuss our differing points of view. I could not hold this discussion with any of the lower animals. Why do you think that is? Is it merely because you and I share the same language? Or is something else involved? For example, suppose we are in the same room and in silence I point to a chair. You would know immediately what that object was. And if I also pointed to a dining table, you would again know what I was pointing to. Then suppose I stated, "I need more furniture." You would know instantly that what I meant was I need another chair, or a bed or a side table. This is an example of concept formation. It is an abstract process that is unique to man because only we have the kind of consciousness required to do that kind of mental work.As for the rest of your comments, I regret to say I do not agree with anything you wrote. As I said before, I do not consider a fetus a human being. Consequently I cannot agree with your statements, which all follow from that premise. I do not consider it virtuous to compromise on the principle of individual rights. I do not accept the initiation of force as a proper mode of civilized, moral conduct. Of all your assertions the one most grievously horrific is your statement that a fetus "at some point its right to live should supersede a woman's right to abort it." This says that a woman's rights should be at the mercy of whoever decides what that point is. Would you enjoy having a "right" that is conditional upon how much time an egg spends in your womb? Perhaps you would consider it your duty to give birth, since someone else says you must? In any case, a "conditional right" is not a right at all. It is the wholesale destruction of individual rights. I think abortion should be legalized because of the simple fact that woman have the right not to be pregnant wether it be an accidental thing with her partner, or being raped. I meen who in this god forsaken planet would want to live with the knoledge that the baby she is about to have is the son of a complete stranger who had raped her, but hey im just a just a 9th grader and i dont know verry much about this subject, but all i do know is that i think it is right and i am all for abortion. Hello there. Just some food for thoughts:You say that the woman have the right not to be pregnant. I agree with you. Let's take the rape victims out of the equation for a moment (they count for less than 1% of all abortions).How does a woman get pregnant? By having sex with a man. What is the possible outcome of a etherosexual sexual intercourse (as there are no 100% birth control methods) ? A new life. As we all are entitled to assume the responsability of our actions, shouldn't we expect the mother that chose to have sex to now take care of this new life that bears no responsability in existing?Now for the rape victims: as told these abortions count for less than 1% of the total.My thought here is that in the rare case a woman gets pregnant in a rape she has suffered a disgusting violation of some of her most valued rights. To discover to expect a child from the man who raped you must be very hard to accept. This said, we have to ask ouselves this question: how is an abortion going to help forget the trauma, isn't it even worse to have an abortion? Wouldn't it remind the patient of the terrible thing that happened to her?. Isn't this abortion going to add a new sense of guiltiness on the victim? To abort in a case of a rape is to kill an innocent human being by the less human method available while to retain the baby is to give birth to a new life. Wich choice will help the mother live better after this terrible experience? Ok, if a mother decided to take abortion , does that mean killing a human being? Consider this > I have the right to take the life of a mouse, ants, or even a micro-organism that does not even count(unprotected animals ), right? and consider this > so if i do not have the right to take a life of a human being, why is it that im allowed to take the life of a human being partly? for example, some of the person's cells are killed when the person is doing an X-ray test. The same goes if i poked someone lightly. What happened when the egg in the mother's womb is fertilised? Does that mean life? what if somehow i killed the fertilized egg at that particular moment? Does that mean i murdered and therefore i committed a crime ? well, what if i killed the sperm and the egg seperately? it's still ending a life. As i mentioned earlier, if i poked someone, it means killing some of his cells. But why is it that it's not a crime? the reason is maybe that it's minor, these cells almost has no benefit to that person and therefore it makes almost no loss. Its not the same if a ran into a man and purposely decapitated his arms. I will be sent to jail. Now lets go back to abortion. If the mother feels that the child only cause trouble for her.(cases such as financial problem, time, etc.) It also means that the baby has almost no benefit to the mother. I know, it means "something" to the baby. But consider this > if i cloned an animal(which is illegal), the animal's cell/dna or whatever is needed for this. so if i killed it, does it also mean killing some of the animal's cell which has no benefit at all? Every human being has individual rights of their own body. if it is allowed to kill a sperm because the father have the right, and kill an egg because the mother have the right. Surely it is allowed to kill when the egg fertilizes as the parents have the right? "That's what abortion would be, if the fetus were a person"You assume this without any arguments, when this is the very point we must discuss to accept any kind of abortion or not at all.The big question here is this: Since science as proved that the life of every baby begins at some point before birth (and there you have the countless premature babies to prove it), when does this new human life begins to exist?" and the other question: Since all newborn babies are entitled to the right to life what are the "properties" that make them human persons and that fetus don't?What is necessary here is to use all available knowledge of science, phylosophy and any subject available to give an answer to those two questions. And with the best answers we can obtain with the knowledge we have nowadays to decide first weather abortion should be morally accepted and seconddly if abortion should be legal or not. And while pro-life all give the same answer: life begins at conception, all human beings are also human persons, the pro-choice side has no official answer. This fact bears a consequence: while the pro-life answer gives a concrete solid starting point, the pro-choice side is at any rate incoherent within itself. Allowing abortion will always lead to kill what, for some of the pro-choice advocates, is a human being and with a right to life. My point is: since we cannot apparently reach a common definition on when a human being should be recognized as such and consequently respected it's right to life, shouldn't we take as answer the most safe of all which is at conception just in case?Example: if we go hunting with a friend and we hear the sound of what seems a stag shouldn't we double check if it isn't our friend instead, and if we cannot reach a conclusion not to shoot? Your statement that the embryo during the first trimester is pre-human is your opinion, devoid of any religious teachings or thoughts of the rights of that fetus. The woman who becomes pregnant (in the vast majority of cases) is responsible for her condition--either because she was irresponsible about taking precautions, ignorant of what could happen when she had unprotected sex, or simply considers abortion a form of birth control. Personally, I felt protective of any of my children from the first moment I knew that I was pregnant, and I was already aware of their humanity. Another possibility is that many minor girls are forced by their parents or boyfriend to have an abortion when they don't want one. What about their rights?However, you sidestep the real problem. Many abortions are performed AFTER the first trimester--right up until the baby is viable outside the womb--including by partial-birth abortions. How any morally aware person can approve of killing infants that can feel pain and are capable of sustaining life outside the womb is incomprehensible to me. Yet millions of women do it, while at the same time many parents are courageously fighting to keep their prematurely born infants alive by the technology available today?I grant that a woman has the right to decide she doesn't want the child she was "usually" responsible for conceiving, but that is what adoption is for. There are untold couples who cannot have children standing in line to receive that baby. Plus, most women who decide to have an abortion never think about what physical or emotional harm that it may cause them in the future. Maybe they will be unable to conceive when they decide they do want a child. Maybe they will survive from the guilt they felt when/if they saw the dead fetus removed from their body. A fetus is a potential human being, not an actual human being. Therefore, it has no rights. End of story. Whether it can feel "pain," have a heartbeat, or have "brainwaves" is completely irrelevant and constitute irrational criteria made up on the spot by neurotic religionists with an axe to grind against secularism and naturalism. A fetus is an incompletely formed, biologically dependent proto-human. Emotions and religious doctrines have nothing to do with reality whatsoever. A fetus is not a person.But then again, anti-abortions are not in the least bit concerned with reality and reason. If they were, they would not say things like, "your statement...is...devoid of any religious teachings." You said a fetus is not a human, but gave no support for that opinion. What defines a human?If 'it can feel "pain," have a heartbeat, or have "brainwaves"' does that not mean is it something different than a mass of tissue that cannot?There must be some scientificlogicalmedicalcriteria we can use to determine this. The potential of the fetus to become a person is not the actual. Ayn Rand - "Never mind the vicious nonsense of claiming that an embryo has a 'right to life.' A piece of protoplasm has no rights - and no life in the human sense of the term. One may argue about the later stages of a pregnancy, but the essential issue concerns only the first three months. To equate a potential with an actual, is vicious; to advocate the sacrifice of the latter to the former, is unspeakable." Human life is a continuum that does not start and stop at conception. George Carlin, comedian - "People say 'life begins at conception.' I say life began about a billion years ago and it's a continuous process." Therefore, you can't call a fetus something other than life; it is part of the long continuum of human life and must be fully respected as such. In reason, it is not up to me to prove a negative. It is up to you to prove a positive assertion with evidence. You have offered none. You have not explained why feeling "pain," having a heartbeat, or having "brainwaves" is in any way fundamental or even logically relevant to this topic. Do you propose to endow animals with individual rights?I have explained elsewhere in the comments section that birth is the rational, logical, objective, scientific criteria we use to determine when a fetus has transitioned into a person, and I explained why. First, this is a debate, not a court with a prosecution and defense. Both sides of the argument must equally provide support for their position.I have not scoured this site looking for all of your comments. I'm only responding to this comment and this "argument" as defined by OpposingViews. Right or wrong, good or bad, animals do have rights in the US; however, I have no intention of using that as a reason to support my position, it would not make sense.As for my reasons that a fetus (3+ months in womb) is a person, here are the basics: Just like an infant, it- has a beating heart- has a brain with detectable brainwaves- has eyes- has arms, hands, fingers, legs, feet, toes- has all organs- responds to sound, light, movements, pressure- actually looks like a humanBy the 4th month of pregnancy, there is no mistaking that what is growing inside the mother is alive and has countless attributes of a person. It is different than an infant in these respects:- size: a 24 week old in neonatal care is smaller than a 39 week old still in the womb- development: a 24 week old in neonatal care is less developed than a 39 week old still in the womb- environment: a 24 week old in neonatal care may be breathing air with lungs, but probably has a feeding tube (i.e. umbilical cord) but is otherwise identical to a 39 week old still in the womb- dependency: a 24 week old in neonatal care is 100% dependent on a caregiver, just like a 39 week old in the womb, but the care is administered differentlyFor these reasons, I draw the conclusion that as soon as science can detect the organism growing inside a womans body, it is a life. As soon as science can detect the major attributes of a person (from fingernails to DNA), it must be a person. To my knowledge, no pregnancy has ever resulted in anything but a person, thus empirical science concludes that all human pregnancies must be of persons.To continue the debate, let's further your position that birth defines life (in this case life = humanity = personhood = legal protection). Given partial-birth abortion (dilation and extraction), at what exact point is a fetus born? Is this different for vaginal births and cesarean births? Very well put; I completely agree. I will simply add that it is dangerous to cite charateristics as criterion, except those which are universally specific, i.e. DNA. Does science detect that a fetus is metaphysically independent? No. Again, a potential is not an actual. Your criteria are completely arbitrary, nonfundamental, and do not survive the light of reason. Partial-birth abortion is an oxymoron invented by religionists to add legitimacy to their cause. An abortion is not a birth. A physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth.In actual childbirth, the laws of nature induce a biological process which expels an organism fully developed to function autonomously - in a metaphysical sense. Exotic, borderline, or abnormal cases do not define the principle or category. The existence of Cesarean births does not in any way change the debate. So it is metaphysical independence that creates personhood? I guess Siamese twins are really one person, not two. Partial-birth abortion is a political term for Intact dilation and extraction and several variants ( ).If a physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth, then neither of my children were "born." Both need to be pulled in the final minutes of labor.If a physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth, then a physician performing a Cesarean certainly would not constitute a birth.For both of my children, the "laws of nature DID NOT induce a biological process which expels and organism fully developed to function autonomously". Both were induced with medicine, labor did not naturally occur. Both were born attached to an umbilical cord, they were not autonomous.You are correct, cesarean births do not change the debate, they make it a stronger case that personhood has nothing to do with the birth and must exist before.If "Exotic, borderline, or abnormal cases do not define the principle or category," then why can we not outlaw partial-birth abortions? Anyone willing to read the description (or watch a video) of the process can only conclude that at minimum 4/5 of a "birthed" fetus (generally called a baby) is killed. Degrees of "out of the birth canal" ARE fundamental here since you have centered your entire argument around this word. I ask you yet again to define when exactly "birth" occurs.I have now scoured the site and read each of your comments several times. Not once do you actually list a reason for your assertion that "birth" creates personhood. The closest thing to a reason you have given is, "the laws of nature eventually result in a fetus becoming survivable, fully formed, its organs functioning autonomously, and the whole organism becoming metaphysically independent, and at that time, the law of cause-and-effect induces childbirth." You must not know that 28% of US births are not induced naturally.You must not know that a baby 24 weeks from conception can live on machines providing the functions of organs for months and within a few years be a normal healthy child.You must not know that birth does not make a human fully independent from its mother, it is still physically attached.You must not know that not all fetuses are survivable when birthed.You must not know that not all fetuses are fully formed when birthed.You must not know that spontaneous abortions (miscarriages) occur on a regular basis.You must not know that a fetus 5 seconds before birth is physically identical in every way to the same organism 5 seconds after birth and that there is no magical physical transformation during the birthing process. Wendy, you are not debating the issue at hand, but simply discounting my statements as meaningless and repeating that you have laid out a solid case for your position which you have not; you have not laid out any case. Please debate the issue so we can see the truth. First, a minor correction. I should have stated, "...the whole organism becoming *capable of being* metaphysically independent."Metaphysical independence is a requirement for any rational concept of "personhood," yes. Siamese twins ARE metaphysically independent. If you do not know what metaphysical means, and the prefix "meta" does not clue you in, that is not my problem. I can tell you it has nothing to do with umbilical cord status.You keep using an invalid approach, intrinsicism, to make your point, claiming that value resides IN this or that part (arms, fingers, heartbeats, DNA, etc.). But value is objective; it is not intrinsic to anything. You do anything and everything but look at what a fetus IS, what IT is, in its totality, its actual nature, as an entity. I cannot force you to think in rational terms, but don't expect me to say that just because you are arguing something, maybe you have a point. You don't.In fact, your argument about medical technology only STRENGTHENS my argument and weakens your own. In a Cesarean section, the doctor has determined in THAT PARTICULAR CASE that the fetus is survivable with a certain level of medical support AT THE POINT when the operation is scheduled. In other words, it is objective: The values of the mother, needs of the offspring, and medical capabilities meet at that point.Now, except in exotic, borderline, and abnormal cases, when is a fetus fully formed, capable of functioning autonomously and being metaphysically independent? At birth. Nature makes it so. The burden of proof would be on you in any particular case to prove otherwise. Can you predict when it will be "5 seconds before birth" for a given fetus? No? The rational, objective standard is birth.In a premature birth where the baby is kept alive with medical support, it is only alive because it is receiving medical support, which by definition a pregnant woman seeking an abortion does not want to provide to the fetus. What medical technology can do for a fetus, however, is irrelevant. What is relevant is WHAT A FETUS IS. It is absurd and atrocious to suggest that a woman should have to carry a pregnancy because if she did remove the fetus from her body and did provide medical rescue which she by definition is unwilling to provide, it will be a baby at that point. Potential beings have no rights over actual beings, not in any valid ethical or political system.And to repeat, an abortion is not a birth. In an abortion, a fetus is terminated and removed, or partially removed and terminated. Order does not matter; it is a fetus. There is no intrinsic value to "out of the birth canal." It happens during abortions, and it happens during births. So?I do not see how any of the other points in your post, e.g., miscarriages, relate to anything or argue for anything. But since you insist on going all the way through all possible exotic, borderline, and abnormal cases, let's go the other way and discuss how a fertilized egg is a human being entitled to individual rights, if you are as interested in getting to the truth as you claim. Still waiting for that evidence that a fertilized egg has a soul. As a rule I don't reccommend my own posts, and if there's a single post on this thread that should be this is certainly one such. Why do you fail to realize that your criteria is just as arbitrary and nonfundamental? Intact dilation and extraction, to use a term you might find acceptable, and thus worthy of debate, does involve the fetus passing through the birth canal. If "a physician pulling a fetus out of the birth canal does not constitute a birth," then what does? Are babies born by induced labor not people, then? What about those rare times in which the subject survives intact dilation and extraction? Are they still fetuses, though they are still alive and clearly outside of the womb? In your previous post, you have once again proclaimed without any justification that these cases will not be considered, but that's not good enough. This is a debate, and you must give counter-arguments against arguments brought to bear, or admit defeat. An aborted fetus is an unformed, unviable, clinically dead entity with a destroyed brain. There is no rational sense in which such a thing is a person. Only irrational emotions could lead one to proclaim it a person. It is up to the individual who wants to change the status quo to provide a reason. For example, we have a fetus bumping along on it's way to birth. You want to justify killing it. You've got to have reasons. Furthermore, even if the onus of proof is on us, that doesn't also make you the judge of what is valid evidence or not, no questions asked. When an argument is brought up, you must argue against it, you cannot simply proclaim that it is not evidence. I haven't read all of your comments yet, but I'm getting there, and I have not yet seen you give a counter argument. You just state the same arbitrary proclaimation over and over again. "A fetus is not a person, it is a potential person. Birth makes a human. Any arguments you bring against this will not be considered. They will be written off as religiously motivated or invalid because I said so." Abortions encourage infanticide Ronald Reagan, "Abortion and the Conscience of a Nation", Human Life Review, Spring 1984. - "Late-term abortions, especially when the baby survives, but is then killed by starvation, neglect, or suffocation, show once again the link between abortion and infanticide. The time to stop both is now." If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament Let's actually do something about this. It appears that we can all agree that a fetus (the new, growing organism of a pregnancy beginning at the 3rd month) is a human and thus deserves legal protection. Let's modify our state and federal laws to declare a fetus a "full human" and protect it. This would make abortion legal only before the 3rd month.Now that we have some sanity, consistency, and are all on the same medicalscientific page, we can begin discussing the humanity of an embryo (the new, growing organism of a pregnancy up to the 3rd month).At this point we have to decide who gets to decide the humanity of an embryo. Is it each mother's opinion? It is a medical board's opinion? Congress? The Courts? A nation-wide vote? Right now, the Supreme Court has essentially answered that: each monther's opinion. Is that really the right choice? Each mother gets to decide when her pregnancy changes from a non-human to a human? This doesn't make sense. There is no standard, no acceptance of facts, only pure opinion.For now, let's fix the obvious: a fetus is a human and deserves all the rights of a 1 year old, 10 year old, and 100 year old.
