..["woman.nsubj", "have.verb", "right.dobj"]
The woman has a right to self-defense.
A woman should have the right to choose.
A woman should have the right to decide.
The woman has a right to unplug.
Women have the right to choose, period.
Does a man or a woman have the right to force his involvement on his child.
A woman has the right to a partial birth abortion.
A women would still have the right to choose a late term abortion.
A woman has the right to decide, but that is.
A woman has the right to decide.
A woman has a right to her body and to choice.
A woman has the sole right to decide to seek an abortion.
The woman has the right to her womb.
Women have the right to choose from that.
Every woman should have the right to decide.
The pregnant woman has a right to abort.
That, before that time, the woman has a right to choose to terminate her pregnancy.
 > The woman has the right to her womb.
 ------
.["evolution.nsubj", "be.verb", "theory.dobj"]
Why evolution is only theory and not a proven fact.
Evolution (as Darwin and today's proponents describe it) is as solid a theory as gravity.
Evolution is a scientific theory.
Evolution is a theory that is supported at the micro level.
Wrong - evolution is probably the most supported theory in biology - it's withstood considerable scrutiny for the past 150 years and is as strong as ever.
Along the lines of : Evolution is just a theory.
Evolution is a theory that has not been proven and I think probably never will be.
Evolution is simply a scientific theory and there is no reason why the counterarguments to Evolution shouldn't be scientific.
Evolution is just a theory, ID believers.
Anyway, evolution is the only theory.
Yes evolution is a theory which is more.
Evolution is just a theory, though one with a great deal of evidence backing it up.
Evolution is a theory without mechanism.
Evolution is not a theory saying.
Evolution is a fake theory.
Evolution is a theory with a good argument, but it is a theory.
Evolution is merely a theory at best, and has more holes than swiss cheese -RRB.
 > Evolution is a theory without mechanism.
------
..["PERSON.nsubj", "kill.verb", "people.dobj"]
Who killed people at her school.
Just people kill people.
People kill people, but guns make it a heck of a lot easier.
Who kill people.
Guns dont kill people, people kill people.
People sometimes kill other people innocently.
People kill people.
PEOPLE KILL PEOPLE.
Guns dont kill people, people kill people, from a gunsdont kill people I do corperation.
More than 20,000 gun laws nation wide and bad people are still killing innocent people.
They can kill more people.
People will always kill other people.
People people kill people.
Although some people have killed people with guns.
 > People kill people.
------
..["PERSON.nsubj", "believe.verb", "god.dobj"]
Who simply didn't believe in any god.
Who doesn't believe in a god.
Whether they believe in god or not.
Who do believe in a creator but not necessarily some creator who wants anything from them a god that is more of a passive uninvolved observer, than a ruler.
I believe in gods but not a absolute god such as Jesus christ or Allah that created inclusive us human beings.
I too believe in god but its just r imagination or it is just in d minds of people who can't actually do anything without d concern of others, & as it is quite insulting to ask someone every time about everything they do.
I don't believe in a god.
You can believe in a god and be for the good of all humanity or you can't believe in god and be for the good of all humanity.
You can't believe in god.
I don't believe in those 1,000 gods.
I don't believe in god (s) - at the same time.
Who doesn't believe in any god whatsoever.
I believe in god, but I don't believe in man.
I don't believe in any god or gods.
I do however believe in many gods and goddesses but they are NOT benevolent.
I don't believe in god as a god like the bible.
You don't believe in the god of Abraham from the old testament who created an earth with water and grass and trees and night and day.
 > I don't believe in a god.
------
["homosexuality.nsubj", "be.verb", "wrong.dobj"]
Homosexuality is wrong.
Homosexuality is wrong into a murderer.
Why homosexuality is wrong.
It is that homosexuality is wrong.
The real question should be Is homosexuality morally wrong.
Homosexuality is not morally wrong.
Eve, therefore homosexuality is wrong.
Without the presupposition that homosexuality is wrong.
No remorse as a proof text that homosexuality is wrong.
Is homosexuality morally wrong.
Homosexuality is morally wrong.
Homosexuality is wrong but I believe.
 > Homosexuality is wrong.
------
.["PERSON.nsubj", "have.verb", "pay.xcomp"]
Why should she have to pay it back.
He has to pay more for extensive treatment and becomes more impoverished.
They don't have to pay it back with interest.
Somehow, we will have to pay for it by our taxes or insurance.
You should have to pay insurance for police, and, the police wouldn't have to help you.
We now have to pay for the NIG.
I shouldn't have to pay for other people's health expenses, especially.
A person not have to pay that money back.
That they have to pay it back.
We'll have to pay a lot more.
They will have to pay an 8 penalty.
You should either have to pay it.
They should either have to pay it back, or work for it or something.
A person will have to pay ridiculous amounts of money.
 > We now have to pay for the NIG.
------
