Person A
Sheet 1: 
	A is more logical, B is context based
Sheet 5: 
	Pretence for A is more logical and clear but at times lost context (pre-filtered already?)
	A - although structured is difficult to see fit or same linking sections e.g. multiple topics of most interest seem to provide

Person B
Sheet 1:
	Summary a doesn't make sense sections seem arbitrary points and illegible seem to be illegible words plus sentences not actual arguments.
	Summary b seems to be a selection of comments that were posted it probably can't be a representation of the whole debate or forum but provides a rich example for the analysis of their narrative and debate dynamics
Sheet 6:
	Again summary any attempts to provide an overview of the debate but something is to not make sense e.g. users that talk about… Section seems to show synonyms not correlations between themes.
	The common points section however seems to provide a good overview you compare it to summary b
	Some comments on summary b don't show relation to the topic.
General Comment:
	Neither summary format seems to provide a good overview of the content illegible themes and correlations in the dataset
	Each provide a different thing and attempt at extracting of categorising information (seems), or examples of data
	Without knowing how the summaries were generated it is hard to say what their validity is and how they can be interpreted and used

Person C
Sheet 4:
	Prefer summary a
	Clear structure in a not in B
	The user marked sections: points for commonly discussed topics, people disagree on these points and uses talk about X and Y, as interesting
	Missing section: points on which people agree
Sheet 5:
	Comments were the same as sheet 4

Person D
Sheet 3:
	Prefer: A for summary of opinions. B for quotable verbatim text but can be abstract
	Structuring sections: yes it helps to organise the data. but no it bias is the analysis of interest: points of disagreement
	Missing: some illegible – ratio-percentage of people disagree on commonly occurring
Sheet 6:
	As sheet threeB is the Beighton text gives flavour e.g. Scots
	B can be unfinished/not all info. E.g. NHS lies come from
	B contains some irrelevant content ? EG love my new pen, or lack context e.g. oh dear x2

Person E
Sheet 5:
	I find them both pretty confusing, B is more interesting but I am not sure what I am supposed to take away from it in terms of research.
	I think the first time as more value-but likely excuse data that doesn't fit in preceptor categories
Sheet 6:
	Prefer A to B,  often feels like it lacks subject

Person E
Sheet 6:
	Structure A but it's not very clear
	Yes I like to have sections
	Continuity discusses topics and positions like, although of course it would defend on what it is for
	It would be good to have a sense of illegible
Sheet 3:
	In principle I prefer the structure of a, but I don't find it very clear
	It would depend on a description of what this is for but in general
	commonly discussed section
	It doesn't say about frequency of different illegible

Person F
Sheet 5:
	Summary a is easier to understand than summary B.
	The common points and points for commonly discussed topics are interesting sections
	They could be used to explain what people wrote about that day
	Not sure how people disagree on points in section A
Sheet 4:
	Summary any is easier to understand, although the split sections could be better.
	Not sure how these sections can be used to analyse/say something meaningful about the debate
	Summary be makes even less sense

Person G
Sheet 6:
	I prefer a because it is organised in a more coherent way
	The structure makes it easier to follow
	The first section on the points on which people disagree is most interesting
	But the points for commonly discussed topics section don't map onto other commonly discussed points cleanly
Sheet 1:
	I prefer A because it is more organised.
	I prefer the structuring into sections.
	It would be helpful to make clear what comments were quotes from subjects and which were comments from researchers.

Person H
Sheet 2:
	Abortion A: section on X and Y is unclear. Ditto the points for commonly discussed topics section
	Abortion B: to unstructured, like a stream of consciousness
	Prefer to see some order imposed on the data
	Abortion A: section on people disagree on these points is most interesting as it raises very important philosophical debates
Sheet 5:
	Prefer the structure of section A
	Easier to follow although it is clearly more filtered
	X Y section is confusing
	No section is particularly interesting relative to the others
	Would like to see section on justification for vote choice

Online Form Comments:
Sheet 5:
there appears to be two forms of statements ; passive - which is simply about event and trend reporting, and secondly tweets which urge followers to take a position on the vote. In this case, you have tweets which reflect on reality and tweets which are about how things will be under a particular decision.

Sheet 2:
Section A is merely  stating facts - and personal opinions/reflections. Section B is trying to find the motive for taking such a decision. 

Sheet 6:
Scotland of UK seems like Kashmir in India. Many voices are in support of referendum. Few also think about the future of Scotland, if it will be separated. 

Sheet 2:
It's more argumentative
